sli/databrowser/README.md, before:

# Welcome to the SLC Databrowser! #

In a nutshell, this application is used to traverse the SLC Api to see all of the data available to you.
You can explore the data by clicking on the links that the Api shows, or you can even explicitly tell
the Databrowser what part of the Api to visit.

## Configuration And Setup ##
The SLC Databrowser is a fairly simple Ruby on Rails application, but there are a few customizations and
configuration files to be aware of.

Once you've prepped the Databrowser by installing the pre-requisite gems using bundler, you should take
a look in the `config/config.yml` file. This file contains the most important areas to configure. You will
find configuration on a per-environment basis.

First and foremost, are the url to the Api, `callback`, `client_id`, and `client_secret`. The first is the url
needed to actually access the SLC Api. Second, is the callback. You will want to replace everything before
`/callback` with the url to where you have the SLC Databrowser running. Finally the `client_id` and
client_secret are the two pieces of information you need to complete OAuth with this app. You can get these
values by going through the application registration process with the SLC. Once you have completed these
steps you can fill in the appropriate values. You'll also find we use an OAuth library to help with some
of the internals. You can find it in the lib directory.

There are also some other configurations that you can use to make the application a little more friendly.
First up is the standard i18n translations available in config/locals that we use to help make the
not-so-friendly API names a bit more understandable. You can customize this by adding and changing
the entries in there (And actually localize!).

Also, in the config directory there is a `views.yml` file which will indicate on a per-entity basis what
rows to display in the table of entities. If you don't specify anything it will default to taking the
first 4 or 5 items it finds in the entities themselves. This particular configuration file also has
some interesting things. Once you find the type of data like `student` you'll notice there are entries
like `name/firstName`. These indicate where in the data to look for the actual values to put into the
table cell.

##Running the App##
There are two ways you can run the application. First, is the common "rails server". Second, is to use thin.
To run thin you can also specify a configuration file which is located in /config/thin.yml. To make use
of it you can do something like: `bundle exec thin -C config/thin.yml start`

##Testing##
There are unit tests packaged in the test directory which can be started with the standard, "bundle exec rake".
We also use cucumber to do behavior tests.

##Localization##
We make use of the localization in the config/locales directory to translate some of the fields that the Api
Would return. Simple things like 'firstName' would be translated to 'First Name', and so on.

Commit message:

rebranding the databrowser to bloom
Former-commit-id: bdbd28f0711e5155db8e31afb0e670d1f269fdb9

sli/databrowser/README.md, after:

# Welcome to the inBloom Databrowser! #

In a nutshell, this application is used to traverse the inBloom Api to see all of the data available to you.
You can explore the data by clicking on the links that the Api shows, or you can even explicitly tell
the Databrowser what part of the Api to visit.

## Configuration And Setup ##
The inBloom Databrowser is a fairly simple Ruby on Rails application, but there are a few customizations and
configuration files to be aware of.

Once you've prepped the Databrowser by installing the pre-requisite gems using bundler, you should take
a look in the `config/config.yml` file. This file contains the most important areas to configure. You will
find configuration on a per-environment basis.

First and foremost, are the url to the Api, `callback`, `client_id`, and `client_secret`. The first is the url
needed to actually access the inBloom Api. Second, is the callback. You will want to replace everything before
`/callback` with the url to where you have the inBloom Databrowser running. Finally the `client_id` and
client_secret are the two pieces of information you need to complete OAuth with this app. You can get these
values by going through the application registration process with the inBloom. Once you have completed these
steps you can fill in the appropriate values. You'll also find we use an OAuth library to help with some
of the internals. You can find it in the lib directory.

There are also some other configurations that you can use to make the application a little more friendly.
First up is the standard i18n translations available in config/locals that we use to help make the
not-so-friendly API names a bit more understandable. You can customize this by adding and changing
the entries in there (And actually localize!).

Also, in the config directory there is a `views.yml` file which will indicate on a per-entity basis what
rows to display in the table of entities. If you don't specify anything it will default to taking the
first 4 or 5 items it finds in the entities themselves. This particular configuration file also has
some interesting things. Once you find the type of data like `student` you'll notice there are entries
like `name/firstName`. These indicate where in the data to look for the actual values to put into the
table cell.

##Running the App##
There are two ways you can run the application. First, is the common "rails server". Second, is to use thin.
To run thin you can also specify a configuration file which is located in /config/thin.yml. To make use
of it you can do something like: `bundle exec thin -C config/thin.yml start`

##Testing##
There are unit tests packaged in the test directory which can be started with the standard, "bundle exec rake".
We also use cucumber to do behavior tests.

##Localization##
We make use of the localization in the config/locales directory to translate some of the fields that the Api
Would return. Simple things like 'firstName' would be translated to 'First Name', and so on.
