connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.session
imported 2 objects
Feature: As an SLI application, I want to be able to manage sessions of instruction
  This means I want to be able to perform CRUD on sessions

  Background: Logged in as a super-user and using the small data set # test/features/api/entities/session/session.feature:4
    Given I am logged in using "demo" "demo1234"                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:2
    Given I have access to all sessions                              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:7

  Scenario: Create a new session                             # test/features/api/entities/session/session.feature:8
    Given format "application/json"                          # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    And "sessionName" is "Spring 2012"                       # test/features/api/entities/session/step_definitions/session_crud_step.rb:41
    And "schoolYear" is "Year_2011_2012"                     # test/features/api/entities/session/step_definitions/session_crud_step.rb:41
    And "term" is "Spring_Semester"                          # test/features/api/entities/session/step_definitions/session_crud_step.rb:41
    And "beginDate" is "2012-01-01"                          # test/features/api/entities/session/step_definitions/session_crud_step.rb:41
    And "endDate" is "2012-06-31"                            # test/features/api/entities/session/step_definitions/session_crud_step.rb:41
    And "totalInstructionalDays" is 88                       # test/features/api/entities/session/step_definitions/session_crud_step.rb:48
    When I navigate to POST "/sessions"                      # test/features/api/entities/session/step_definitions/session_crud_step.rb:27
    Then I should receive a return code of 201               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive an ID for the newly created session # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:21
    When I navigate to GET "/sessions/<newly created ID>"    # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And "sessionName" should be "Spring 2012"                # test/features/api/entities/session/step_definitions/session_crud_step.rb:76
    And "schoolYear" should be "Year_2011_2012"              # test/features/api/entities/session/step_definitions/session_crud_step.rb:76
    And "term" should be "Spring_Semester"                   # test/features/api/entities/session/step_definitions/session_crud_step.rb:76
    And "beginDate" should be "2012-01-01"                   # test/features/api/entities/session/step_definitions/session_crud_step.rb:76
    And "endDate" should be "2012-06-31"                     # test/features/api/entities/session/step_definitions/session_crud_step.rb:76
    And "totalInstructionalDays" should be 88                # test/features/api/entities/session/step_definitions/session_crud_step.rb:81

  Scenario: Read a session by ID                                                           # test/features/api/entities/session/session.feature:28
    Given format "application/json"                                                        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/sessions/<'FALL 2011 SESSION' ID>"                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a link named "self" with URI "/sessions/<'FALL 2011 SESSION' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And "sessionName" should be "Fall 2011"                                                # test/features/api/entities/session/step_definitions/session_crud_step.rb:76
    And "schoolYear" should be "Year_2011_2012"                                            # test/features/api/entities/session/step_definitions/session_crud_step.rb:76
    And "term" should be "Fall_Semester"                                                   # test/features/api/entities/session/step_definitions/session_crud_step.rb:76
    And "beginDate" should be "2011-09-01"                                                 # test/features/api/entities/session/step_definitions/session_crud_step.rb:76
    And "endDate" should be "2011-12-31"                                                   # test/features/api/entities/session/step_definitions/session_crud_step.rb:76
    And "totalInstructionalDays" should be 90                                              # test/features/api/entities/session/step_definitions/session_crud_step.rb:81

  Scenario: Update an existing session                                                      # test/features/api/entities/session/session.feature:40
    Given format "application/json"                                                         # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/sessions/<'FALL 2011 SESSION' ID>"                             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I set "totalInstructionalDays" to 17                                               # test/features/api/entities/session/step_definitions/session_crud_step.rb:59
    And I navigate to PUT "/sessions/<'FALL 2011 SESSION' ID>"                              # test/features/api/entities/session/step_definitions/session_crud_step.rb:33
    Then I should receive a return code of 204                                              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I navigate to GET "/sessions/<'FALL 2011 SESSION' ID>"                             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a link named "self" with URI "/sessions/<'FALL 2011 SESSION' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And "totalInstructionalDays" should be 17                                               # test/features/api/entities/session/step_definitions/session_crud_step.rb:81

  Scenario: Delete an existing session                               # test/features/api/entities/session/session.feature:51
    Given format "application/json"                                  # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to DELETE "/sessions/<'SPRING 2011 SESSION' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:47
    Then I should receive a return code of 204                       # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I navigate to GET "/sessions/<'SPRING 2011 SESSION' ID>"    # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                       # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Attempt to read a non-existing session       # test/features/api/entities/session/session.feature:58
    Given format "application/json"                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/sessions/<non-existent ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Attempt to update a non-existing session     # test/features/api/entities/session/session.feature:63
    Given format "application/json"                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/sessions/<non-existent ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Attempt to delete a non-existing session     # test/features/api/entities/session/session.feature:68
    Given format "application/json"                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/sessions/<non-existent ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

7 scenarios (7 passed)
65 steps (65 passed)
0m0.938s
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.school
imported 24 objects
Feature: As an SLI application, I want to be able to manage schools
    As a client application using SLI
    I want to have create, read, update, and delete functionality for a school.

  Background: Logged in as a super-user and using the small data set # test/features/api/entities/school/school_crud.feature:5
    Given I am logged in using "demo" "demo1234"                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:2
    Given I have access to all schools                               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:7

  #### Happy Path
  Scenario: Create a new school JSON                                      # test/features/api/entities/school/school_crud.feature:10
    Given format "application/json"                                       # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    And the "shortNameOfInstitution" is "SCTS"                            # test/features/api/entities/school/step_definitions/school_crud_steps.rb:27
    And the "nameOfInstitution" is "School Crud Test School"              # test/features/api/entities/school/step_definitions/school_crud_steps.rb:27
    And the "webSite" is "www.scts.edu"                                   # test/features/api/entities/school/step_definitions/school_crud_steps.rb:27
    When I navigate to POST "/schools/"                                   # test/features/api/entities/school/step_definitions/school_crud_steps.rb:48
    Then I should receive a return code of 201                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive an ID for the newly created school               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:21
    When I navigate to GET "/schools/<'newly created school' ID>"         # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should see the "shortNameOfInstitution" is "SCTS"              # test/features/api/entities/school/step_definitions/school_crud_steps.rb:35
    And I should see the "nameOfInstitution" is "School Crud Test School" # test/features/api/entities/school/step_definitions/school_crud_steps.rb:35
    And I should see the "webSite" is "www.scts.edu"                      # test/features/api/entities/school/step_definitions/school_crud_steps.rb:35

  Scenario: Read a school by id                                                                                                                         # test/features/api/entities/school/school_crud.feature:24
    Given format "application/json"                                                                                                                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/schools/<'Apple Alternative Elementary School' ID>"                                                                        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                                                          # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should see the "nameOfInstitution" is "Apple Alternative Elementary School"                                                                   # test/features/api/entities/school/step_definitions/school_crud_steps.rb:35
    And I should see the "telephoneNumber" is "(785) 667-6006"                                                                                          # test/features/api/entities/school/step_definitions/school_crud_steps.rb:35
    And I should receive a link named "self" with URI "/schools/<'Apple Alternative Elementary School' ID>"                                             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getTeacherSchoolAssociations" with URI "/teacher-school-associations/<'Apple Alternative Elementary School' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getTeachers" with URI "/teacher-school-associations/<'Apple Alternative Elementary School' ID>/targets"          # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getStudents" with URI "/student-school-associations/<'Apple Alternative Elementary School' ID>/targets"          # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getStudentSchoolAssociations" with URI "/student-school-associations/<'Apple Alternative Elementary School' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52

  Scenario: Update an existing school                                            # test/features/api/entities/school/school_crud.feature:36
    Given format "application/json"                                              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/schools/<'Yellow Middle School' ID>"                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should see the "nameOfInstitution" is "Yellow Middle School"          # test/features/api/entities/school/step_definitions/school_crud_steps.rb:35
    When I set the "nameOfInstitution" to "Yellow Middle and High School"        # test/features/api/entities/school/step_definitions/school_crud_steps.rb:43
    When I navigate to PUT "/schools/<'Yellow Middle School' ID>"                # test/features/api/entities/school/step_definitions/school_crud_steps.rb:56
    Then I should receive a return code of 204                                   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I navigate to GET "/schools/<'Yellow Middle School' ID>"                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should see the "nameOfInstitution" is "Yellow Middle and High School" # test/features/api/entities/school/step_definitions/school_crud_steps.rb:35

  Scenario: Delete an existing school                                   # test/features/api/entities/school/school_crud.feature:47
    Given format "application/json"                                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to DELETE "/schools/<'Delete Me Middle School' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:47
    Then I should receive a return code of 204                          # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I navigate to GET "/schools/<'Delete Me Middle School' ID>"    # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                          # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  ### Error handling
  Scenario: Attempt to read a non-existing school               # test/features/api/entities/school/school_crud.feature:56
    Given format "application/json"                             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/schools/<'that doesn't exist' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                  # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Attempt to delete a non-existing school                # test/features/api/entities/school/school_crud.feature:61
    Given format "application/json"                                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to DELETE "/schools/<'that doesn't exist' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:47
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Update a non-existing school                          # test/features/api/entities/school/school_crud.feature:66
    Given format "application/json"                               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I attempt to update "/schools/<'that doesn't exist' ID>" # test/features/api/entities/school/step_definitions/school_crud_steps.rb:63
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                    # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Fail when asking for an unsupported format "text/plain"              # test/features/api/entities/school/school_crud.feature:71
    Given format "text/plain"                                                    # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/schools/<'Apple Alternative Elementary School' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 406                                   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Fail if going to the wrong URI                    # test/features/api/entities/school/school_crud.feature:76
    Given format "application/json"                           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/school/<'using a wrong URI' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Attempt to read the base resource with no GUID # test/features/api/entities/school/school_crud.feature:81
    Given format "application/json"                        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/schools/<'with no GUID' ID>"  # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 405             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

10 scenarios (10 passed)
72 steps (72 passed)
0m1.302s
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.student
imported 2372 objects
Feature: As an SLI application, I want to be able to manage students
    As a client application using SLI
    I want to have create, read, update, and delete functionality for a student.

  Background: Logged in as a super-user and using the small data set # test/features/api/entities/student/student_crud.feature:5
    Given I am logged in using "demo" "demo1234"                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:2
    Given I have access to all students                              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:7

  #### Happy Path
  Scenario: Create a new student JSON                               # test/features/api/entities/student/student_crud.feature:10
    Given format "application/json"                                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    And the "name" is "Mister" "John" "Doe"                         # test/features/api/entities/student/step_definitions/student_crud_step.rb:26
    And the "birthDate" is "1994-04-04"                             # test/features/api/entities/student/step_definitions/student_crud_step.rb:35
    And the "sex" is "Male"                                         # test/features/api/entities/student/step_definitions/student_crud_step.rb:35
    And the "studentUniqueStateId" is "123456"                      # test/features/api/entities/student/step_definitions/student_crud_step.rb:35
    When I navigate to POST "/students/"                            # test/features/api/entities/student/step_definitions/student_crud_step.rb:99
    Then I should receive a return code of 201                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive an ID for the newly created student        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:21
    When I navigate to GET "/students/<'newly created student' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then the "name" should be "Mister" "John" "Doe"                 # test/features/api/entities/student/step_definitions/student_crud_step.rb:68
    And the "birthDate" should be "1994-04-04"                      # test/features/api/entities/student/step_definitions/student_crud_step.rb:59
    And the "sex" should be "Male"                                  # test/features/api/entities/student/step_definitions/student_crud_step.rb:59
    And the "studentUniqueStateId" should be "123456"               # test/features/api/entities/student/step_definitions/student_crud_step.rb:59

  Scenario: Read a student by id                                                                                                    # test/features/api/entities/student/student_crud.feature:25
    Given format "application/json"                                                                                                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/students/<'Alfonso' ID>"                                                                               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And the "name" should be "Alfonso" "Ora" "Steele"                                                                               # test/features/api/entities/student/step_definitions/student_crud_step.rb:68
    And the "sex" should be "Male"                                                                                                  # test/features/api/entities/student/step_definitions/student_crud_step.rb:59
    And the "birthDate" should be "1999-07-12"                                                                                      # test/features/api/entities/student/step_definitions/student_crud_step.rb:59
    And I should receive a link named "getStudentSectionAssociations" with URI "/student-section-associations/<'Alfonso' ID>"       # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getSections" with URI "/student-section-associations/<'Alfonso' ID>/targets"                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getStudentSchoolAssociations" with URI "/student-school-associations/<'Alfonso' ID>"         # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getSchools" with URI "/student-school-associations/<'Alfonso' ID>/targets"                   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getStudentAssessmentAssociations" with URI "/student-assessment-associations/<'Alfonso' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getAssessments" with URI "/student-assessment-associations/<'Alfonso' ID>/targets"           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "self" with URI "/students/<'Alfonso' ID>"                                                    # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52

  Scenario: Update an existing student                  # test/features/api/entities/student/student_crud.feature:40
    Given format "application/json"                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/students/<'Priscilla' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then the "birthDate" should be "2003-01-22"         # test/features/api/entities/student/step_definitions/student_crud_step.rb:59
    When I set the "birthDate" to "2001-01-22"          # test/features/api/entities/student/step_definitions/student_crud_step.rb:48
    And I navigate to PUT "/students/<'Priscilla' ID>"  # test/features/api/entities/student/step_definitions/student_crud_step.rb:107
    Then I should receive a return code of 204          # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I navigate to GET "/students/<'Priscilla' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then the "birthDate" should be "2001-01-22"         # test/features/api/entities/student/step_definitions/student_crud_step.rb:59

  Scenario: Delete an existing student                  # test/features/api/entities/student/student_crud.feature:50
    Given format "application/json"                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to DELETE "/students/<'Rachel' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:47
    Then I should receive a return code of 204          # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I navigate to GET "/students/<'Rachel' ID>"    # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404          # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  ### Error handling
  Scenario: Attempt to read a non-existing student    # test/features/api/entities/student/student_crud.feature:59
    Given format "application/json"                   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/students/<'Invalid' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Attempt to delete a non-existing student     # test/features/api/entities/student/student_crud.feature:64
    Given format "application/json"                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to DELETE "/students/<'Invalid' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:47
    Then I should receive a return code of 404           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Update a non-existing student               # test/features/api/entities/student/student_crud.feature:69
    Given format "application/json"                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I attempt to update "/students/<'Invalid' ID>" # test/features/api/entities/student/step_definitions/student_crud_step.rb:75
    Then I should receive a return code of 404          # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Fail when asking for an unsupported format "text/plain" # test/features/api/entities/student/student_crud.feature:74
    Given format "text/plain"                                       # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/students/<'Donna' ID>"                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 406                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Fail if going to the wrong URI            # test/features/api/entities/student/student_crud.feature:79
    Given format "application/json"                   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/student/<'WrongURI' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Attempt to read the base student resource with no GUID # test/features/api/entities/student/student_crud.feature:84
    Given format "application/json"                                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/students/<'NoGUID' ID>"               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 405                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

10 scenarios (10 passed)
77 steps (77 passed)
0m1.326s
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.teacher
imported 22 objects
Feature: As an SLI application, I want to be able to manage teachers
   As a client application using SLI
   I want create, read, update, and delete functionality for a teacher
   So I can manage them.

  Background: Logged in as a super-user and using the small data set # test/features/api/entities/teacher/teacher_crud.feature:6
    Given I am logged in using "demo" "demo1234"                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:2
    Given I have access to all teachers                              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:7

  ### Happy Path
  Scenario: Create a new teacher in JSON format                     # test/features/api/entities/teacher/teacher_crud.feature:12
    Given format "application/json"                                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    And the "name" is "Rafe" "Hairfire" "Esquith"                   # test/features/api/entities/teacher/step_definitions/teacher_crud_step.rb:50
    And the "birthDate" is "1954-08-31"                             # test/features/api/entities/teacher/step_definitions/teacher_crud_step.rb:59
    And the "sex" is "Male"                                         # test/features/api/entities/teacher/step_definitions/teacher_crud_step.rb:59
    And the "yearsOfPriorTeachingExperience" is "32"                # test/features/api/entities/teacher/step_definitions/teacher_crud_step.rb:59
    And the "staffUniqueStateId" is "12345678"                      # test/features/api/entities/teacher/step_definitions/teacher_crud_step.rb:59
    And the "highlyQualifiedTeacher" status is "true"               # test/features/api/entities/teacher/step_definitions/teacher_crud_step.rb:67
    And the "highestLevelOfEducationCompleted" is "Masters"         # test/features/api/entities/teacher/step_definitions/teacher_crud_step.rb:59
    When I navigate to POST "/teachers/"                            # test/features/api/entities/teacher/step_definitions/teacher_crud_step.rb:77
    Then I should receive a return code of 201                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive an ID for the newly created teacher        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:21
    When I navigate to GET "/teachers/<'newly created teacher' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then the "name" should be "Rafe" "Hairfire" "Esquith"           # test/features/api/entities/teacher/step_definitions/teacher_crud_step.rb:91
    And the "birthDate" should be "1954-08-31"                      # test/features/api/entities/teacher/step_definitions/teacher_crud_step.rb:102
    And the "sex" should be "Male"                                  # test/features/api/entities/teacher/step_definitions/teacher_crud_step.rb:102
    And the "yearsOfPriorTeachingExperience" should be "32"         # test/features/api/entities/teacher/step_definitions/teacher_crud_step.rb:102
    And the "staffUniqueStateId" should be "12345678"               # test/features/api/entities/teacher/step_definitions/teacher_crud_step.rb:102
    And the "highlyQualifiedTeacher" status should be "true"        # test/features/api/entities/teacher/step_definitions/teacher_crud_step.rb:108
    And the "highestLevelOfEducationCompleted" should be "Masters"  # test/features/api/entities/teacher/step_definitions/teacher_crud_step.rb:102

  Scenario: Read a teacher by ID in JSON format                                                                             # test/features/api/entities/teacher/teacher_crud.feature:33
    Given format "application/json"                                                                                         # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/teachers/<'Macey' ID>"                                                                         # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And the "name" should be "Macey" "" "Finch"                                                                             # test/features/api/entities/teacher/step_definitions/teacher_crud_step.rb:91
    And the "sex" should be "Female"                                                                                        # test/features/api/entities/teacher/step_definitions/teacher_crud_step.rb:102
    And the "birthDate" should be "1956-08-14"                                                                              # test/features/api/entities/teacher/step_definitions/teacher_crud_step.rb:102
    And the "yearsOfPriorTeachingExperience" should be "22"                                                                 # test/features/api/entities/teacher/step_definitions/teacher_crud_step.rb:102
    And the "staffUniqueStateId" should be "<'Macey Home State' ID>"                                                        # test/features/api/entities/teacher/step_definitions/teacher_crud_step.rb:102
    And the "highlyQualifiedTeacher" status should be "false"                                                               # test/features/api/entities/teacher/step_definitions/teacher_crud_step.rb:108
    And the "highestLevelOfEducationCompleted" should be "Bachelors"                                                        # test/features/api/entities/teacher/step_definitions/teacher_crud_step.rb:102
    And I should receive a link named "getTeacherSectionAssociations" with URI "/teacher-section-associations/<'Macey' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getSections" with URI "/teacher-section-associations/<'Macey' ID>/targets"           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getTeacherSchoolAssociations" with URI "/teacher-school-associations/<'Macey' ID>"   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getSchools" with URI "/teacher-school-associations/<'Macey' ID>/targets"             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "self" with URI "/teachers/<'Macey' ID>"                                              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52

  Scenario: Update an existing teacher in JSON format         # test/features/api/entities/teacher/teacher_crud.feature:51
    Given format "application/json"                           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/teachers/<'Belle' ID>"           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And the "highlyQualifiedTeacher" status should be "false" # test/features/api/entities/teacher/step_definitions/teacher_crud_step.rb:108
    When I set the "highlyQualifiedTeacher" status to "true"  # test/features/api/entities/teacher/step_definitions/teacher_crud_step.rb:71
    And I navigate to PUT "/teachers/<'Belle' ID>"            # test/features/api/entities/teacher/step_definitions/teacher_crud_step.rb:83
    Then I should receive a return code of 204                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I navigate to GET "/teachers/<'Belle' ID>"           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And the "highlyQualifiedTeacher" status should be "true"  # test/features/api/entities/teacher/step_definitions/teacher_crud_step.rb:108

  Scenario: Delete an existing teacher in JSON format      # test/features/api/entities/teacher/teacher_crud.feature:63
    Given format "application/json"                        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to DELETE "/teachers/<'Christian' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:47
    Then I should receive a return code of 204             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I navigate to GET "/teachers/<'Christian' ID>"    # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  ### Error Handling
  Scenario: Attempt to read a non-existent teacher # test/features/api/entities/teacher/teacher_crud.feature:73
    Given format "application/json"                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/teachers/<Unknown>"   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Attempt to delete a non-existent teacher # test/features/api/entities/teacher/teacher_crud.feature:78
    Given format "application/json"                  # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to DELETE "/teachers/<Unknown>"  # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:47
    Then I should receive a return code of 404       # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Attempt to update a non-existent teacher # test/features/api/entities/teacher/teacher_crud.feature:83
    Given format "application/json"                  # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to PUT "/teachers/<Unknown>"     # test/features/api/entities/teacher/step_definitions/teacher_crud_step.rb:83
    Then I should receive a return code of 404       # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Attempt to read the base teacher resource with no GUID # test/features/api/entities/teacher/teacher_crud.feature:88
    Given format "application/json"                                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/teachers"                             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 405                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Fail when asking for an unsupported format "text/plain" # test/features/api/entities/teacher/teacher_crud.feature:93
    Given format "text/plain"                                       # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/teachers/<'Macey' ID>"                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 406                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Fail if going to the wrong URI         # test/features/api/entities/teacher/teacher_crud.feature:98
    Given format "application/json"                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/teacher/<'Macey' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

10 scenarios (10 passed)
87 steps (87 passed)
0m1.292s
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.section
imported 20 objects
Feature: As an SLI application, I want to be able to manage sections
    As a client application using SLI
    I want to have create, read, update, and delete functionality for a section.

  Background: Logged in as a super-user and using the small data set # test/features/api/entities/section/section_crud.feature:5
    Given I am logged in using "demo" "demo1234"                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:2
    Given I have access to all sections                              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:7

  #### Happy Path
  Scenario Outline: Create a new section                            # test/features/api/entities/section/section_crud.feature:10
    Given format "<format>"                                         # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    And the "uniqueSectionCode" is "SpanishB09"                     # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:39
    And the "sequenceOfCourse" is "1"                               # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:39
    And the "educationalEnvironment" is "OFF_SCHOOL_CENTER"         # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:39
    And the "mediumOfInstruction" is "INDEPENDENT_STUDY"            # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:39
    And the "populationServed" is "REGULAR_STUDENTS"                # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:39
    When I navigate to POST "/sections/"                            # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:49
    Then I should receive a return code of 201                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive an ID for the newly created section        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:21
    When I navigate to GET "/sections/<'newly created section' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then the "sequenceOfCourse" should be "1"                       # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:73
    And the "educationalEnvironment" should be "OFF_SCHOOL_CENTER"  # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:73
    And the "mediumOfInstruction" should be "INDEPENDENT_STUDY"     # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:73
    And the "populationServed" should be "REGULAR_STUDENTS"         # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:73
    And the "uniqueSectionCode" should be "SpanishB09"              # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:73

    Examples: 

      Scenario: | application/json |                            # test/features/api/entities/section/section_crud.feature:28
        Given format "application/json"                                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
        And the "uniqueSectionCode" is "SpanishB09"                     # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:39
        And the "sequenceOfCourse" is "1"                               # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:39
        And the "educationalEnvironment" is "OFF_SCHOOL_CENTER"         # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:39
        And the "mediumOfInstruction" is "INDEPENDENT_STUDY"            # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:39
        And the "populationServed" is "REGULAR_STUDENTS"                # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:39
        When I navigate to POST "/sections/"                            # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:49
        Then I should receive a return code of 201                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
        And I should receive an ID for the newly created section        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:21
        When I navigate to GET "/sections/<'newly created section' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
        Then the "sequenceOfCourse" should be "1"                       # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:73
        And the "educationalEnvironment" should be "OFF_SCHOOL_CENTER"  # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:73
        And the "mediumOfInstruction" should be "INDEPENDENT_STUDY"     # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:73
        And the "populationServed" should be "REGULAR_STUDENTS"         # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:73
        And the "uniqueSectionCode" should be "SpanishB09"              # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:73

  Scenario Outline: Read a section by id                                                                                           # test/features/api/entities/section/section_crud.feature:30
    Given format "<format>"                                                                                                        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/sections/<'chemistryF11' ID>"                                                                         # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And the "sequenceOfCourse" should be "1"                                                                                       # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:73
    And the "educationalEnvironment" should be "Classroom"                                                                         # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:73
    And the "mediumOfInstruction" should be "Virtual_on_line_distance_learning"                                                    # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:73
    And the "populationServed" should be "Bilingual_students"                                                                      # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:73
    And I should receive a link named "getTeacherSectionAssociations" with URI "/teacher-section-associations/<'chemistryF11' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getStudentSectionAssociations" with URI "/student-section-associations/<'chemistryF11' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getTeachers" with URI "/teacher-section-associations/<'chemistryF11' ID>/targets"           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getStudents" with URI "/student-section-associations/<'chemistryF11' ID>/targets"           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "self" with URI "/sections/<'chemistryF11' ID>"                                              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52

    Examples: 

      Scenario: | application/json |                                                                                           # test/features/api/entities/section/section_crud.feature:45
        Given format "application/json"                                                                                                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
        When I navigate to GET "/sections/<'chemistryF11' ID>"                                                                         # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
        Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
        And the "sequenceOfCourse" should be "1"                                                                                       # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:73
        And the "educationalEnvironment" should be "Classroom"                                                                         # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:73
        And the "mediumOfInstruction" should be "Virtual_on_line_distance_learning"                                                    # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:73
        And the "populationServed" should be "Bilingual_students"                                                                      # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:73
        And I should receive a link named "getTeacherSectionAssociations" with URI "/teacher-section-associations/<'chemistryF11' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
        And I should receive a link named "getStudentSectionAssociations" with URI "/student-section-associations/<'chemistryF11' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
        And I should receive a link named "getTeachers" with URI "/teacher-section-associations/<'chemistryF11' ID>/targets"           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
        And I should receive a link named "getStudents" with URI "/student-section-associations/<'chemistryF11' ID>/targets"           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
        And I should receive a link named "self" with URI "/sections/<'chemistryF11' ID>"                                              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52

  Scenario Outline: Update an existing section           # test/features/api/entities/section/section_crud.feature:47
    Given format "<format>"                              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/sections/<'biologyF09' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And the "sequenceOfCourse" should be "1"             # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:73
    When I set the "sequenceOfCourse" to "2"             # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:65
    When I navigate to PUT "/sections/<'biologyF09' ID>" # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:56
    Then I should receive a return code of 204           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I navigate to GET "/sections/<'biologyF09' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    And the "sequenceOfCourse" should be "2"             # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:73

    Examples: 

      Scenario: | application/json |           # test/features/api/entities/section/section_crud.feature:59
        Given format "application/json"                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
        When I navigate to GET "/sections/<'biologyF09' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
        Then I should receive a return code of 200           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
        And the "sequenceOfCourse" should be "1"             # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:73
        When I set the "sequenceOfCourse" to "2"             # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:65
        When I navigate to PUT "/sections/<'biologyF09' ID>" # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:56
        Then I should receive a return code of 204           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
        When I navigate to GET "/sections/<'biologyF09' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
        And the "sequenceOfCourse" should be "2"             # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:73

  Scenario Outline: Delete an existing section              # test/features/api/entities/section/section_crud.feature:61
    Given format "<format>"                                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to DELETE "/sections/<'biologyF09' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:47
    Then I should receive a return code of 204              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I navigate to GET "/sections/<'biologyF09' ID>"    # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

    Examples: 

      Scenario: | application/json |              # test/features/api/entities/section/section_crud.feature:69
        Given format "application/json"                         # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
        When I navigate to DELETE "/sections/<'biologyF09' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:47
        Then I should receive a return code of 204              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
        When I navigate to GET "/sections/<'biologyF09' ID>"    # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
        Then I should receive a return code of 404              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  ### Error handling
  Scenario: Attempt to read a non-existing section    # test/features/api/entities/section/section_crud.feature:85
    Given format "application/json"                   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/sections/<'Invalid' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Attempt to delete a non-existing section     # test/features/api/entities/section/section_crud.feature:90
    Given format "application/json"                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to DELETE "/sections/<'Invalid' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:47
    Then I should receive a return code of 404           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Update a non-existing section             # test/features/api/entities/section/section_crud.feature:95
    Given format "application/json"                   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to PUT "/sections/<'Invalid' ID>" # test/features/api/entities/section/step_definitions/section_crud_steps.rb:56
    Then I should receive a return code of 404        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Fail when asking for an unsupported format "text/plain" # test/features/api/entities/section/section_crud.feature:100
    Given format "text/plain"                                       # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/sections/<'physicsS08' ID>"            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 406                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Fail if going to the wrong URI              # test/features/api/entities/section/section_crud.feature:105
    Given format "application/json"                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/section/<'physicsS08' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404          # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Attempt to read the base section resource with no GUID # test/features/api/entities/section/section_crud.feature:110
    Given format "application/json"                                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/sections/"                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 405                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

10 scenarios (10 passed)
79 steps (79 passed)
0m1.296s
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.assessment
imported 12 objects
Feature: As an SLI application, I want to be able to manage assessments
  As a SLI Application I want to be able to manage the basic model of assessments. This includes performing CRUD on Assessment entity.
  Also verify the correct links from assessment to student-assessment associations and family-assessment associations. An assessment can 
  be used to measure differences in individuals or groups and changes in performance from one occasion to the next.
  
  
  This is the data I am assuming for these tests
  assessmentTitle: Mathematics Achievement Assessment Test, Writing Advanced Placement Test
  academicSubject: Mathematics, Writing, Foreign Language
  gradeLevelAssessed: Adult
  contentStandard: School Standard
  assessmentCategory: Achievement  Test,  Advanced Placement Test

  Background: Logged in as a super-user and using the small data set # test/features/api/entities/assessment/assessment_crud.feature:15
    Given I am logged in using "demo" "demo1234"                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:2
    Given I have access to all assessments                           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:7

  ## JSON
  Scenario: Create an assessment                                          # test/features/api/entities/assessment/assessment_crud.feature:20
    Given format "application/json"                                       # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    And "assessmentTitle" is "Mathematics Achievement Assessment Test"    # test/features/api/entities/assessment/step_definitions/assessment_crud_step.rb:26
    And "assessmentIdentificationCode" is "01234B"                        # test/features/api/entities/assessment/step_definitions/assessment_crud_step.rb:26
    And "academicSubject" is "MATHEMATICS"                                # test/features/api/entities/assessment/step_definitions/assessment_crud_step.rb:26
    And "assessmentCategory" is "ACHIEVEMENT_TEST"                        # test/features/api/entities/assessment/step_definitions/assessment_crud_step.rb:26
    And "gradeLevelAssessed" is "ADULT_EDUCATION"                         # test/features/api/entities/assessment/step_definitions/assessment_crud_step.rb:26
    And "contentStandard" is "LEA_STANDARD"                               # test/features/api/entities/assessment/step_definitions/assessment_crud_step.rb:26
    And "version" is "1.2"                                                # test/features/api/entities/assessment/step_definitions/assessment_crud_step.rb:26
    When I navigate to POST "/assessments/"                               # test/features/api/entities/assessment/step_definitions/assessment_crud_step.rb:48
    Then I should receive a return code of 201                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive an ID for the newly created assessment           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:21
    When I navigate to GET "/assessments/<'newly created assessment' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then "assessmentIdentificationCode" should be "01234B"                # test/features/api/entities/assessment/step_definitions/assessment_crud_step.rb:35
    And "academicSubject" should be "MATHEMATICS"                         # test/features/api/entities/assessment/step_definitions/assessment_crud_step.rb:35
    And "assessmentCategory" should be "ACHIEVEMENT_TEST"                 # test/features/api/entities/assessment/step_definitions/assessment_crud_step.rb:35
    And "gradeLevelAssessed" should be "ADULT_EDUCATION"                  # test/features/api/entities/assessment/step_definitions/assessment_crud_step.rb:35
    And "contentStandard" should be "LEA_STANDARD"                        # test/features/api/entities/assessment/step_definitions/assessment_crud_step.rb:35
    And "version" should be "1.2"                                         # test/features/api/entities/assessment/step_definitions/assessment_crud_step.rb:35

  Scenario: Read an assessment by ID                                                                                                                        # test/features/api/entities/assessment/assessment_crud.feature:40
    Given format "application/json"                                                                                                                         # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/assessments/<'Writing Advanced Placement Test' ID>"                                                                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                                                              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And "assessmentTitle" should be "Writing Advanced Placement Test"                                                                                       # test/features/api/entities/assessment/step_definitions/assessment_crud_step.rb:35
    And "academicSubject" should be "ENGLISH_LANGUAGE_AND_LITERATURE"                                                                                       # test/features/api/entities/assessment/step_definitions/assessment_crud_step.rb:35
    And "assessmentCategory" should be "ADVANCED_PLACEMENT_TEST"                                                                                            # test/features/api/entities/assessment/step_definitions/assessment_crud_step.rb:35
    And I should receive a link named "self" with URI "/assessments/<'Writing Advanced Placement Test' ID>"                                                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getStudentAssessmentAssociations" with URI "/student-assessment-associations/<'Writing Advanced Placement Test' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getStudents" with URI "/student-assessment-associations/<'Writing Advanced Placement Test' ID>/targets"              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getSectionAssessmentAssociations" with URI "/section-assessment-associations/<'Writing Advanced Placement Test' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getSections" with URI "/section-assessment-associations/<'Writing Advanced Placement Test' ID>/targets"              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52

  #And I should receive a link named "getAssessmentFamily" with URI "/assessment-family-associations/<'Writing Advanced Placement Test' ID>"
  Scenario: Update an assessment by ID                                               # test/features/api/entities/assessment/assessment_crud.feature:55
    Given format "application/json"                                                  # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/assessments/<'Writing Assessment II' ID>"               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                       # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And "assessmentTitle" should be "Writing Advanced Placement Test"                # test/features/api/entities/assessment/step_definitions/assessment_crud_step.rb:35
    When I set the "assessmentTitle" to "Advanced Placement Test - Subject: Writing" # test/features/api/entities/assessment/step_definitions/assessment_crud_step.rb:43
    And I navigate to PUT "/assessments/<'Writing Assessment II' ID>"                # test/features/api/entities/assessment/step_definitions/assessment_crud_step.rb:63
    Then I should receive a return code of 204                                       # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I navigate to GET "/assessments/<'Writing Assessment II' ID>"               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                       # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And "assessmentTitle" should be "Advanced Placement Test - Subject: Writing"     # test/features/api/entities/assessment/step_definitions/assessment_crud_step.rb:35

  Scenario: Delete an assessment by ID                                       # test/features/api/entities/assessment/assessment_crud.feature:67
    Given format "application/json"                                          # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to DELETE "/assessments/<'Mathematics Assessment 2' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:47
    Then I should receive a return code of 204                               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I navigate to GET "/assessments/<'Mathematics Assessment 2' ID>"    # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  ## ERROR HANDLING
  Scenario: Attempt to read a non-existent assessment                  # test/features/api/entities/assessment/assessment_crud.feature:75
    Given format "application/json"                                    # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/assessments/<'NonExistentAssessment' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                         # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Attempt to update a non-existent assessment                  # test/features/api/entities/assessment/assessment_crud.feature:80
    Given format "application/json"                                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I attempt to update "/assessments/<'NonExistentAssessment' ID>" # test/features/api/entities/assessment/step_definitions/assessment_crud_step.rb:71
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Attempt to delete a non-existent assessment                   # test/features/api/entities/assessment/assessment_crud.feature:85
    Given format "application/json"                                       # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to DELETE "/assessments/<'NonExistentAssessment' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:47
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Fail when asking for an unsupported format "text/plain"       # test/features/api/entities/assessment/assessment_crud.feature:90
    Given format "text/plain"                                             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/assessments/<'Mathematics Assessment 3' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 406                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Fail if going to the wrong URI               # test/features/api/entities/assessment/assessment_crud.feature:95
    Given format "application/json"                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/assessment/<'WrongURI' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Attempt to read the base student resource with no GUID # test/features/api/entities/assessment/assessment_crud.feature:100
    Given format "application/json"                                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/assessments/<'NoGUID' ID>"            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 405                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

10 scenarios (10 passed)
82 steps (82 passed)
0m1.306s
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.section
imported 20 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.school
imported 24 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.student
imported 2372 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.teacher
imported 22 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.staff
imported 10 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.assessment
imported 12 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.studentSchoolAssociation
imported 2346 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.teacherSectionAssociation
imported 19 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.studentAssessmentAssociation
imported 158 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.studentSectionAssociation
imported 34 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.teacherSchoolAssociation
imported 14 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.educationOrganization
imported 8 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.educationOrganizationSchoolAssociation
imported 13 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.educationOrganizationAssociation
imported 3 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.aggregationDefinition
imported 3 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.staffEducationOrganizationAssociation
imported 6 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.realm
imported 3 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 3 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 9 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 11 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 11 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 145 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 2336 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 145 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 2336 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 11 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 65 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 1 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 9 objects
Feature: In order to provide base information
  As a client application using SLI
  I want to know what links are available to a user based on their user type.
  This means all associations should be returned as links when accessing the Home URI.

  Scenario: Home URI returns valid links for user 'educator'                                                                   # test/features/api/home_uri/home_uri.feature:6
    Given I am logged in using "educator" "educator1234"                                                                       # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:2
    And I have access to all links                                                                                             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:7
    And format "application/json"                                                                                              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/home"                                                                                             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a link named "self" with URI "/teachers/<'educator' ID>"                                              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getTeacherSectionAssociations" with URI "/teacher-section-associations/<'educator' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getSections" with URI "/teacher-section-associations/<'educator' ID>/targets"           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getTeacherSchoolAssociations" with URI "/teacher-school-associations/<'educator' ID>"   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getSchools" with URI "/teacher-school-associations/<'educator' ID>/targets"             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52

  Scenario: Home URI returns valid links for user 'aggregator'                                                                                   # test/features/api/home_uri/home_uri.feature:18
    Given I am logged in using "aggregator" "aggregator1234"                                                                                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:2
    And I have access to all links                                                                                                               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:7
    And format "application/json"                                                                                                                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/home"                                                                                                               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                                                   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a link named "self" with URI "/staff/<'aggregator' ID>"                                                                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getEducationOrganizationsAssigned" with URI "/staff-educationOrganization-associations/<'aggregator' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getEducationOrganizations" with URI "/staff-educationOrganization-associations/<'aggregator' ID>/targets" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52

  Scenario: Home URI returns valid links for user 'administrator'                                                                                   # test/features/api/home_uri/home_uri.feature:28
    Given I am logged in using "administrator" "administrator1234"                                                                                  # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:2
    And I have access to all links                                                                                                                  # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:7
    And format "application/json"                                                                                                                   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/home"                                                                                                                  # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                                                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a link named "self" with URI "/staff/<'administrator' ID>"                                                                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getEducationOrganizationsAssigned" with URI "/staff-educationOrganization-associations/<'administrator' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getEducationOrganizations" with URI "/staff-educationOrganization-associations/<'administrator' ID>/targets" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52

  Scenario: Home URI returns valid links for user 'leader'                                                                                   # test/features/api/home_uri/home_uri.feature:38
    Given I am logged in using "leader" "leader1234"                                                                                         # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:2
    And I have access to all links                                                                                                           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:7
    And format "application/json"                                                                                                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/home"                                                                                                           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                                               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a link named "self" with URI "/staff/<'leader' ID>"                                                                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getEducationOrganizationsAssigned" with URI "/staff-educationOrganization-associations/<'leader' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getEducationOrganizations" with URI "/staff-educationOrganization-associations/<'leader' ID>/targets" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52

  Scenario: Home URI returns appropriate links for 'baduser'                                                                                  # test/features/api/home_uri/home_uri.feature:48
    Given I am logged in using "baduser" "baduser1234"                                                                                        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:2
    And I have access to all links                                                                                                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:7
    And format "application/json"                                                                                                             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/home"                                                                                                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                                                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a link named "self" with URI "/staff/<'baduser' ID>"                                                                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getEducationOrganizationsAssigned" with URI "/staff-educationOrganization-associations/<'baduser' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getEducationOrganizations" with URI "/staff-educationOrganization-associations/<'baduser' ID>/targets" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    When I navigate to GET "/staff-educationOrganization-associations/<'baduser' ID>"                                                         # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 403                                                                                                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I navigate to GET "/staff-educationOrganization-associations/<'baduser' ID>/targets"                                                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 403                                                                                                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

5 scenarios (5 passed)
46 steps (46 passed)
0m0.665s
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.section
imported 20 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.school
imported 24 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.student
imported 2372 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.teacher
imported 22 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.staff
imported 10 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.assessment
imported 12 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.studentSchoolAssociation
imported 2346 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.teacherSectionAssociation
imported 19 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.studentAssessmentAssociation
imported 158 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.studentSectionAssociation
imported 34 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.teacherSchoolAssociation
imported 14 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.educationOrganization
imported 8 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.educationOrganizationSchoolAssociation
imported 13 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.educationOrganizationAssociation
imported 3 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.aggregationDefinition
imported 3 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.staffEducationOrganizationAssociation
imported 6 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.realm
imported 3 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 3 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 9 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 11 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 11 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 145 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 2336 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 145 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 2336 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 11 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 65 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 1 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 9 objects
Feature: As an SLI application, I want to be able to manage associations between Education Organizations.
  This means I want to be able to perform CRUD on educationOrganization-associations and verify correct links
  from the association to the appropriate entities.

  Background: Logged in as a super-user and using the small data set                         # test/features/api/associations/educationOrganization_association/educationOrganization_association.feature:5
    Given I am logged in using "demo" "demo1234"                                             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:2
    Given I have access to all educationOrganizations and educationOrganization-associations # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:7

  Scenario: Read an Education Organization Association by ID                                                               # test/features/api/associations/educationOrganization_association/educationOrganization_association.feature:9
    Given format "application/json"                                                                                        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/educationOrganization-associations/<'GALACTICA-CAPRICA' ID>"                                  # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a link named "self" with URI "/educationOrganization-associations/<'GALACTICA-CAPRICA' ID>"       # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getEducationOrganizationParent" with URI "/educationOrganizations/<'GALACTICA' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getEducationOrganizationChild" with URI "/educationOrganizations/<'CAPRICA' ID>"    # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52

  Scenario: Read an Education Organization's list of Education Organization Associations     # test/features/api/associations/educationOrganization_association/educationOrganization_association.feature:17
    Given format "application/json"                                                          # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/educationOrganization-associations/<'GALACTICA' ID>"            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a collection of 3 links                                             # test/features/api/associations/educationOrganization_association/step_definitions/educationOrganization_association.rb:59
    And I should have a link with ID "<'GALACTICA-CAPRICA' ID>"                              # test/features/api/associations/educationOrganization_association/step_definitions/educationOrganization_association.rb:72
    And I should have a link with ID "<'GALACTICA-PICON' ID>"                                # test/features/api/associations/educationOrganization_association/step_definitions/educationOrganization_association.rb:72
    And I should have a link with ID "<'GALACTICA-SAGITTARON' ID>"                           # test/features/api/associations/educationOrganization_association/step_definitions/educationOrganization_association.rb:72

  Scenario: Create an association between Education Organizations                            # test/features/api/associations/educationOrganization_association/educationOrganization_association.feature:26
    Given format "application/json"                                                          # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    And "educationOrganizationParentId" is "<'GALACTICA' ID>"                                # test/features/api/associations/educationOrganization_association/step_definitions/educationOrganization_association.rb:48
    And "educationOrganizationChildId" is "<'VIRGON' ID>"                                    # test/features/api/associations/educationOrganization_association/step_definitions/educationOrganization_association.rb:48
    When I navigate to POST "/educationOrganization-associations"                            # test/features/api/associations/educationOrganization_association/step_definitions/educationOrganization_association.rb:34
    Then I should receive a return code of 201                                               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive an ID for the newly created educationOrganizatino-association       # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:21
    When I navigate to GET "/educationOrganization-associations/<newly created ID>"          # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Update an existing association between Education Organizations                                              # test/features/api/associations/educationOrganization_association/educationOrganization_association.feature:36
    Given format "application/json"                                                                                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/educationOrganization-associations/<'GALACTICA-CAPRICA' ID>"                               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                          # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I set "educationOrganizationParentId" to "<'PICON' ID>"                                                        # test/features/api/associations/educationOrganization_association/step_definitions/educationOrganization_association.rb:55
    And I navigate to PUT "/educationOrganization-associations/<'GALACTICA-CAPRICA' ID>"                                # test/features/api/associations/educationOrganization_association/step_definitions/educationOrganization_association.rb:40
    Then I should receive a return code of 204                                                                          # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I navigate to GET "/educationOrganization-associations/<'GALACTICA-CAPRICA' ID>"                               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a link named "self" with URI "/educationOrganization-associations/<'GALACTICA-CAPRICA' ID>"   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getEducationOrganizationParent" with URI "/educationOrganizations/<'PICON' ID>"  # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getEducationOrganizationChild" with URI "/educationOrganizations/<'CAPRICA' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52

  Scenario: Delete an existing association between Education Organizations                   # test/features/api/associations/educationOrganization_association/educationOrganization_association.feature:48
    Given format "application/json"                                                          # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to DELETE "/educationOrganization-associations/<'GALACTICA-CAPRICA' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:47
    Then I should receive a return code of 204                                               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I navigate to GET "/educationOrganization-associations/<'GALACTICA-CAPRICA' ID>"    # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                                               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Attempt to read a non-existing Education Organization Association                # test/features/api/associations/educationOrganization_association/educationOrganization_association.feature:55
    Given format "application/json"                                                          # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/educationOrganization-associations/<non-existant ID>"           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                                               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Attempt to update a non-existing Education Organization Association              # test/features/api/associations/educationOrganization_association/educationOrganization_association.feature:60
    Given format "application/json"                                                          # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/educationOrganization-associations/<non-existant ID>"           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                                               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Attempt to delete a non-existing Education Organization Association              # test/features/api/associations/educationOrganization_association/educationOrganization_association.feature:65
    Given format "application/json"                                                          # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/educationOrganization-associations/<non-existant ID>"           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                                               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

8 scenarios (8 passed)
61 steps (61 passed)
0m1.007s
Feature: As an SLI application, I want to be able to manage student section associations
  As a SLI application I want to use this association to get the course section(s) a student is assigned to, or all the student(s) a section has.  
  I must be able to perform CRUD functions on student-section association.
  
  This is the data I am assuming for these tests
  Section:  Biology II - C
  Student: Jane Doe

  Background:                                      # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/student_section_association.feature:9
    Given I am logged in using "demo" "demo1234"   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:2
    And I have access to all sections and students # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:7

  Scenario Outline: Create a student-section-association                                                    # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/student_section_association.feature:13
    Given format <format>                                                                                   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    And "sectionId" is "<'Biology II - C' ID>"                                                              # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:27
    And "beginDate" is "2011-01-12"                                                                         # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:27
    And "endDate" is "2011-04-12"                                                                           # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:27
    And "studentId" is "<'Jane Doe' ID>"                                                                    # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:27
    When I navigate to POST "/student-section-associations"                                                 # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:35
    Then I should receive a return code of 201                                                              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive an ID for the newly created student-section-association                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:21
    When I navigate to GET "/student-section-associations/<'newly created student-section-association' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And "beginDate" should be "2011-01-12"                                                                  # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:65
    And "endDate" should be "2011-04-12"                                                                    # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:65

    Examples: 

      Scenario: | "application/json" |                                                    # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/student_section_association.feature:28
        Given format "application/json"                                                                         # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
        And "sectionId" is "<'Biology II - C' ID>"                                                              # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:27
        And "beginDate" is "2011-01-12"                                                                         # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:27
        And "endDate" is "2011-04-12"                                                                           # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:27
        And "studentId" is "<'Jane Doe' ID>"                                                                    # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:27
        When I navigate to POST "/student-section-associations"                                                 # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:35
        Then I should receive a return code of 201                                                              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
        And I should receive an ID for the newly created student-section-association                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:21
        When I navigate to GET "/student-section-associations/<'newly created student-section-association' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
        Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
        And "beginDate" should be "2011-01-12"                                                                  # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:65
        And "endDate" should be "2011-04-12"                                                                    # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:65

  #    		| "application/vnd.slc+json" |
  #    		| "application/xml"          |
  Scenario Outline: Read a student-section-association                                                                                              # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/student_section_association.feature:32
    Given format <format>                                                                                                                           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/student-section-associations/<'Student Albert Wright and Section Foreign Language - A' ID>"                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                                                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a link named "getStudent" with URI "/students/<'Albert Wright' ID>"                                                        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getSection" with URI "/sections/<'Foreign Language - A' ID>"                                                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "self" with URI "/student-section-associations/<'Student Albert Wright and Section Foreign Language - A' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And "beginDate" should be "2011-09-15"                                                                                                          # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:65
    And "endDate" should be "2011-12-15"                                                                                                            # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:65
    And "repeatIdentifier" should be "Repeated_counted_in_grade_point_average"                                                                      # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:65

    Examples: 

      Scenario: | "application/json" |                                                                                              # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/student_section_association.feature:44
        Given format "application/json"                                                                                                                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
        When I navigate to GET "/student-section-associations/<'Student Albert Wright and Section Foreign Language - A' ID>"                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
        Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                                                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
        And I should receive a link named "getStudent" with URI "/students/<'Albert Wright' ID>"                                                        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
        And I should receive a link named "getSection" with URI "/sections/<'Foreign Language - A' ID>"                                                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
        And I should receive a link named "self" with URI "/student-section-associations/<'Student Albert Wright and Section Foreign Language - A' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
        And "beginDate" should be "2011-09-15"                                                                                                          # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:65
        And "endDate" should be "2011-12-15"                                                                                                            # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:65
        And "repeatIdentifier" should be "Repeated_counted_in_grade_point_average"                                                                      # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:65

  #    		| "application/vnd.slc+json" |
  #    		| "application/xml"          |
  Scenario Outline: Update a student-section-association                                                                 # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/student_section_association.feature:48
    Given format <format>                                                                                                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/student-section-associations/<'Student Albert Wright and Section Foreign Language - A' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then "repeatIdentifier" should be "Repeated_counted_in_grade_point_average"                                          # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:65
    When I set "repeatIdentifier" to "Not_repeated"                                                                      # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:72
    And I navigate to PUT "/student-section-associations/<'Student Albert Wright and Section Foreign Language - A' ID>"  # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:76
    Then I should receive a return code of 204                                                                           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I navigate to GET "/student-section-associations/<'Student Albert Wright and Section Foreign Language - A' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then "repeatIdentifier" should be "Not_repeated"                                                                     # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:65

    Examples: 

      Scenario: | "application/json" |                                                                 # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/student_section_association.feature:59
        Given format "application/json"                                                                                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
        When I navigate to GET "/student-section-associations/<'Student Albert Wright and Section Foreign Language - A' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
        Then "repeatIdentifier" should be "Repeated_counted_in_grade_point_average"                                          # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:65
        When I set "repeatIdentifier" to "Not_repeated"                                                                      # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:72
        And I navigate to PUT "/student-section-associations/<'Student Albert Wright and Section Foreign Language - A' ID>"  # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:76
        Then I should receive a return code of 204                                                                           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
        When I navigate to GET "/student-section-associations/<'Student Albert Wright and Section Foreign Language - A' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
        Then "repeatIdentifier" should be "Not_repeated"                                                                     # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:65

  #    		| "application/vnd.slc+json" |
  #    		| "application/xml"          |
  Scenario Outline: Delete a student-section-association                                                                   # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/student_section_association.feature:63
    Given format <format>                                                                                                  # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    And I navigate to DELETE "/student-section-associations/<'Student Albert Wright and Section Foreign Language - A' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:47
    Then I should receive a return code of 204                                                                             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I navigate to GET "/student-section-associations/<'Student Albert Wright and Section Foreign Language - A' ID>"    # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    And I should receive a return code of 404                                                                              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

    Examples: 

      Scenario: | "application/json" |                                                                   # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/student_section_association.feature:71
        Given format "application/json"                                                                                        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
        And I navigate to DELETE "/student-section-associations/<'Student Albert Wright and Section Foreign Language - A' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:47
        Then I should receive a return code of 204                                                                             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
        And I navigate to GET "/student-section-associations/<'Student Albert Wright and Section Foreign Language - A' ID>"    # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
        And I should receive a return code of 404                                                                              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  #    		| "application/vnd.slc+json" |
  #    		| "application/xml"          |
  Scenario: Reading a student-section-association for a student                                                       # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/student_section_association.feature:75
    Given format "application/json"                                                                                   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/student-section-associations/<'Jane Doe' ID>"                                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a collection of 4 student-section-association links                                          # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:45
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getStudent" with URI "/students/<'Jane Doe' ID>"             # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:85
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getSection" with URI "/sections/<'Foreign Language - A' ID>" # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:85
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getSection" with URI "/sections/<'Biology II - C' ID>"       # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:85
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getSection" with URI "/sections/<'Physics I - B' ID>"        # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:85
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getSection" with URI "/sections/<'Chemistry I - A' ID>"      # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:85

  Scenario: Reading a student-section-association for a section                                                  # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/student_section_association.feature:86
    Given format "application/json"                                                                              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/student-section-associations/<'Chemistry I - A' ID>"                                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a collection of 3 student-section-association links                                     # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:45
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getSection" with URI "/sections/<'Chemistry I - A' ID>" # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:85
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getStudent" with URI "/students/<'Jane Doe' ID>"        # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:85
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getStudent" with URI "/students/<'Albert Wright' ID>"   # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:85
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getStudent" with URI "/students/<'Kevin Smith' ID>"     # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/step_definitions/student_section_association_steps.rb:85

  ### Error Handling
  Scenario: Attempt to read a non-existing student section association     # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/student_section_association.feature:97
    Given format "application/json"                                        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/student-section-associations/<'WrongURI' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Attempt to delete a non-existent resource                         # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/student_section_association.feature:102
    Given format "application/json"                                           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to DELETE "/student-section-associations/<'WrongURI' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:47
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Attempt to read the base resource with no GUID                # test/features/api/associations/student_section_association/student_section_association.feature:107
    Given format "application/json"                                       # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/student-section-associations/<'No GUID' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 405                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

9 scenarios (9 passed)
78 steps (78 passed)
0m3.506s
Feature: As an SLI application, I want to be able to manage students  assessment associations
  As a SLI application I want to see analysis or scoring of a student's response on an assessment. 
  I must be able to perform CRUD functions on student-assessment association
  
  This is the data I am assuming for these tests
  AssessmentTitle: Mathematics Achievement Assessment Test, Writing Advanced Placement Test
  AssessmentSubject: Mathematics, Writing, Foreign Language
  GradeLevelAssessed: Adult
  ContentStandard: School Standard
  AssessmentCategory: Achievement  Test,  Advanced Placement Test
  Student: Jane Doe

  Background: Logged in as a super-user and using the small data set # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/student_assessment_association.feature:14
    Given I am logged in using "demo" "demo1234"                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:2
    Given I have access to all students and assessments              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:7

  Scenario: Create a student-assessment-association                                                               # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/student_assessment_association.feature:19
    Given format "application/json"                                                                               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    And "assessmentId" is "<'Mathematics Achievement  Assessment Test' ID>"                                       # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/step_definitions/student_assessment_association_steps.rb:33
    And "studentId" is "<'Jane Doe' ID>"                                                                          # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/step_definitions/student_assessment_association_steps.rb:33
    And "administrationDate" is "2011-12-01"                                                                      # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/step_definitions/student_assessment_association_steps.rb:33
    And "scoreResults" is "85"                                                                                    # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/step_definitions/student_assessment_association_steps.rb:33
    And "performanceLevel" is "3"                                                                                 # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/step_definitions/student_assessment_association_steps.rb:33
    When I navigate to POST "/student-assessment-associations"                                                    # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/step_definitions/student_assessment_association_steps.rb:45
    Then I should receive a return code of 201                                                                    # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive an ID for the newly created student-assessment-association                               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:21
    When I navigate to GET "/student-assessment-associations/<'newly created student assessment association' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then the "administrationDate" should be "2011-12-01"                                                          # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/step_definitions/student_assessment_association_steps.rb:89
    And the "scoreResults" should be "85"                                                                         # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/step_definitions/student_assessment_association_steps.rb:89
    And the "performanceLevel" should be "3"                                                                      # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/step_definitions/student_assessment_association_steps.rb:89

  Scenario: Read a student-assessment-association                                                                                                                          # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/student_assessment_association.feature:35
    Given format "application/json"                                                                                                                                        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/student-assessment-associations/<Student 'Jane Doe' and AssessmentTitle 'Writing Achievement Assessment Test' ID>"                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                                                                             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a link named "self" with URI "/student-assessment-associations/<Student 'Jane Doe' and AssessmentTitle 'Writing Achievement Assessment Test' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getStudent" with URI "/students/<'Jane Doe' ID>"                                                                                    # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getAssessment" with URI "/assessments/<'Writing Achievement Assessment Test' ID>"                                                   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And the "administrationDate" should be "2011-09-15"                                                                                                                    # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/step_definitions/student_assessment_association_steps.rb:89
    And the "administrationEndDate" should be "2011-12-15"                                                                                                                 # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/step_definitions/student_assessment_association_steps.rb:89
    And the "retestIndicator" should be "1"                                                                                                                                # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/step_definitions/student_assessment_association_steps.rb:89
    And the "scoreResults" should be "85"                                                                                                                                  # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/step_definitions/student_assessment_association_steps.rb:89
    And the "performanceLevel" should be "3"                                                                                                                               # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/step_definitions/student_assessment_association_steps.rb:89

  Scenario: Reading a student-assessment-association for a student                                                                             # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/student_assessment_association.feature:49
    Given format "application/json"                                                                                                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/student-assessment-associations/<'Jane Doe' ID>"                                                                  # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                                                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a collection of 2 student-assessment-association links                                                                # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/step_definitions/student_assessment_association_steps.rb:71
    And after resolving each link, I should receive a link named "getStudent" with URI "/students/<'Jane Doe' ID>"                             # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/step_definitions/student_assessment_association_steps.rb:97
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getAssessment" with URI "/assessments/<'Mathematics Achievement Assessment Test' ID>" # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/step_definitions/student_assessment_association_steps.rb:119
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getAssessment" with URI "/assessments/<'Writing Achievement Assessment Test' ID>"     # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/step_definitions/student_assessment_association_steps.rb:119

  Scenario: Reading a student-assessment-association for a assessment                                                                                   # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/student_assessment_association.feature:58
    Given format "application/json"                                                                                                                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/student-assessment-associations/<'Mathematics Achievement Assessment Test' ID>"                                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                                                          # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a collection of 3 student-assessment-association links                                                                         # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/step_definitions/student_assessment_association_steps.rb:71
    And after resolving each link, I should receive a link named "getAssessment" with URI "/assessments/<'Mathematics Achievement Assessment Test' ID>" # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/step_definitions/student_assessment_association_steps.rb:97
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getStudent" with URI "/students/<'Jane Doe' ID>"                                               # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/step_definitions/student_assessment_association_steps.rb:119
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getStudent" with URI "/students/<'Albert Wright' ID>"                                          # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/step_definitions/student_assessment_association_steps.rb:119
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getStudent" with URI "/students/<'Kevin Smith' ID>"                                            # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/step_definitions/student_assessment_association_steps.rb:119

  Scenario: Update a student-assessment-association                                                                                                  # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/student_assessment_association.feature:69
    Given format "application/json"                                                                                                                  # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/student-assessment-associations/<Student 'Jane Doe' and AssessmentTitle 'Mathematics Achievement  Assessment Test' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then the "scoreResults" should be "85"                                                                                                           # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/step_definitions/student_assessment_association_steps.rb:89
    When I set the "scoreResults" to "95"                                                                                                            # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/step_definitions/student_assessment_association_steps.rb:52
    And I set the "performanceLevel" to "4"                                                                                                          # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/step_definitions/student_assessment_association_steps.rb:52
    And I navigate to PUT "/student-assessment-associations/<Student 'Jane Doe' and AssessmentTitle 'Mathematics Achievement  Assessment Test' ID>"  # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/step_definitions/student_assessment_association_steps.rb:57
    Then I should receive a return code of 204                                                                                                       # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I navigate to GET "/student-assessment-associations/<Student 'Jane Doe' and AssessmentTitle 'Mathematics Achievement  Assessment Test' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then the "scoreResults" should be "95"                                                                                                           # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/step_definitions/student_assessment_association_steps.rb:89
    And the "performanceLevel" should be "4"                                                                                                         # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/step_definitions/student_assessment_association_steps.rb:89

  Scenario: Delete a student-assessment-association                                                                                      # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/student_assessment_association.feature:82
    Given format "application/json"                                                                                                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    And I navigate to DELETE "/student-assessment-associations/<AssessmentTitle 'French Advanced Placement' and Student 'Joe Brown' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:47
    Then I should receive a return code of 204                                                                                           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I navigate to GET "/student-assessment-associations/<AssessmentTitle 'French Advanced Placement' and Student 'Joe Brown' ID>"    # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    And I should receive a return code of 404                                                                                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  ### Error Handling
  Scenario: Attempt to read a non-existing student assessment association         # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/student_assessment_association.feature:91
    Given format "application/json"                                               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/student-assessment-associations/<'NonExistence' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                                    # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Attempt to update a non-existing student assessment association                                    # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/student_assessment_association.feature:96
    Given format "application/json"                                                                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I attempt to update a non-existing association "/student-assessment-associations/<'NonExistence' ID>" # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/step_definitions/student_assessment_association_steps.rb:65
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                                                                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Delete a nonexistent student-assessment-association                     # test/features/api/associations/student_assessment_association/student_assessment_association.feature:101
    Given format "application/json"                                                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    And I navigate to DELETE "/student-assessment-associations/<'NonExistence' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:47
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

9 scenarios (9 passed)
81 steps (81 passed)
0m2.277s
Feature: As an SLI application, I want to be able to manage students school associations
    As a client application using SLI
    I want to know what students are currently enrolled at a particular school, 
  and I want to know what schools a student currently attends.  I also want
  to be able to manage these relationships by enrolling and un-enrolling students.
  This means we should be able to CREATE, READ, UPDATE, and DELETE student enrollment associations.

  Background: Logged in as a super-user and using the small data set # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/student_school_association.feature:9
    Given I am logged in using "demo" "demo1234"                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:2
    Given I have access to all students and schools                  # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:7

  Scenario: Create a new student-school-association                                                       # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/student_school_association.feature:14
    Given format "application/json"                                                                       # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    And "entryGradeLevel" is "TENTH_GRADE"                                                                # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/step_definitions/student_school_association_steps.rb:30
    And "schoolId" is "<'Orange Middle School' ID>"                                                       # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/step_definitions/student_school_association_steps.rb:30
    And "studentId" is "<'Sybill' ID>"                                                                    # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/step_definitions/student_school_association_steps.rb:30
    And "entryDate" is "2010-01-01"                                                                       # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/step_definitions/student_school_association_steps.rb:30
    When I navigate to POST "/student-school-associations"                                                # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/step_definitions/student_school_association_steps.rb:83
    Then I should receive a return code of 201                                                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive an ID for the newly created student-school-association                           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:21
    When I navigate to GET "/student-school-associations/<'newly created student school association' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then "entryDate" should be "2010-01-01"                                                               # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/step_definitions/student_school_association_steps.rb:41
    And "entryGradeLevel" should be "TENTH_GRADE"                                                         # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/step_definitions/student_school_association_steps.rb:41

  Scenario: Read a student-school-association by id                                                                                        # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/student_school_association.feature:28
    Given format "application/json"                                                                                                        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/student-school-associations/<'Alfonso at Apple Alternative Elementary School' ID>"                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                                             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And "studentId" should be "<'Alfonso' ID>"                                                                                             # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/step_definitions/student_school_association_steps.rb:41
    And "schoolId" should be "<'Apple Alternative Elementary School' ID>"                                                                  # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/step_definitions/student_school_association_steps.rb:41
    And "entryGradeLevel" should be "First_grade"                                                                                          # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/step_definitions/student_school_association_steps.rb:41
    And "entryDate" should be "2001-09-01"                                                                                                 # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/step_definitions/student_school_association_steps.rb:41
    And I should receive a link named "self" with URI "/student-school-associations/<'Alfonso at Apple Alternative Elementary School' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getSchool" with URI "/schools/<'Apple Alternative Elementary School' ID>"                           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getStudent" with URI "/students/<'Alfonso' ID>"                                                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52

  Scenario: Read a student-school-association for a school                                                                                  # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/student_school_association.feature:41
    Given format "application/json"                                                                                                         # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/student-school-associations/<'Apple Alternative Elementary School' ID>"                                        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                                              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a collection of 3 student-school-association links                                                                 # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/step_definitions/student_school_association_steps.rb:48
    And after resolving each link, I should receive a link named "getSchool" with URI "/schools/<'Apple Alternative Elementary School' ID>" # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/step_definitions/student_school_association_steps.rb:61
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getStudent" with URI "/students/<'Alfonso' ID>"                                    # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/step_definitions/student_school_association_steps.rb:72
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getStudent" with URI "/students/<'Gil' ID>"                                        # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/step_definitions/student_school_association_steps.rb:72
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getStudent" with URI "/students/<'Sybill' ID>"                                     # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/step_definitions/student_school_association_steps.rb:72

  Scenario: Read a student-school-association for a student                                                                        # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/student_school_association.feature:51
    Given format "application/json"                                                                                                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/student-school-associations/<'Alfonso' ID>"                                                           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a collection of 2 student-school-association links                                                        # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/step_definitions/student_school_association_steps.rb:48
    And after resolving each link, I should receive a link named "getStudent" with URI "/students/<'Alfonso' ID>"                  # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/step_definitions/student_school_association_steps.rb:61
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getSchool" with URI "/schools/<'Apple Alternative Elementary School' ID>" # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/step_definitions/student_school_association_steps.rb:72
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getSchool" with URI "/schools/<'Yellow Middle School' ID>"                # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/step_definitions/student_school_association_steps.rb:72

  Scenario: Update an existing student-school-association                                                       # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/student_school_association.feature:60
    Given format "application/json"                                                                             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/student-school-associations/<'Alfonso at Apple Alternative Elementary School' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then "entryGradeLevel" should be "First_grade"                                                              # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/step_definitions/student_school_association_steps.rb:41
    When I set "entryGradeLevel" to "Second_Grade"                                                              # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/step_definitions/student_school_association_steps.rb:37
    And I navigate to PUT "/student-school-associations/<'Alfonso at Apple Alternative Elementary School' ID>"  # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/step_definitions/student_school_association_steps.rb:89
    Then I should receive a return code of 204                                                                  # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I navigate to GET "/student-school-associations/<'Alfonso at Apple Alternative Elementary School' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then "entryGradeLevel" should be "Second_Grade"                                                             # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/step_definitions/student_school_association_steps.rb:41

  Scenario: Delete a student-school-association                                                                    # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/student_school_association.feature:70
    Given format "application/json"                                                                                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to DELETE "/student-school-associations/<'Alfonso at Apple Alternative Elementary School' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:47
    Then I should receive a return code of 204                                                                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I navigate to GET "/student-school-associations/<'Alfonso at Apple Alternative Elementary School' ID>"    # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                                                                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  ###Referential Integrity Tests
  Scenario: Delete a student and his/her associations should be deleted                             # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/student_school_association.feature:78
    Given format "application/json"                                                                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/student-school-associations/<Priscilla at Orange Middle School ID>"    # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I navigate to GET "/student-school-associations/<Priscilla at Ellington Middle School ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I navigate to DELETE "/students/<'Priscilla' ID>"                                          # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:47
    Then I should receive a return code of 204                                                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I navigate to GET "/students/<'Priscilla' ID>"                                             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                                                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I navigate to GET "/student-school-associations/<Priscilla at Orange Middle School ID>"    # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                                                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I navigate to GET "/student-school-associations/<Priscilla at Ellington Middle School ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                                                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Delete a school and its associations should be deleted                            # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/student_school_association.feature:93
    Given format "application/json"                                                           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/student-school-associations/<Donna at Purple Middle School ID>"  # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I navigate to GET "/student-school-associations/<Rachel at Purple Middle School ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I navigate to DELETE "/schools/<'Purple Middle School' ID>"                          # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:47
    Then I should receive a return code of 204                                                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I navigate to GET "/schools/<'Purple Middle School' ID>"                             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                                                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I navigate to GET "/student-school-associations/<Donna at Purple Middle School ID>"  # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                                                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I navigate to GET "/student-school-associations/<Rachel at Purple Middle School ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                                                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  ### Error handling
  Scenario: Attempt to read the base resource with no GUID            # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/student_school_association.feature:110
    Given format "application/json"                                   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/student-school-associations/<'No GUID'>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 405                        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Attempt to read a non-existent resource                      # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/student_school_association.feature:116
    Given format "application/json"                                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/student-school-associations/<'Invalid ID'>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Attempt to delete a non-existent resource                       # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/student_school_association.feature:121
    Given format "application/json"                                         # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to DELETE "/student-school-associations/<'Invalid ID'>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:47
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Update a non-existing student-school-association                                          # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/student_school_association.feature:126
    Given format "application/json"                                                                   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I attempt to update a non-existing association "/student-school-associations/<'Invalid ID'>" # test/features/api/associations/student_school_association/step_definitions/student_school_association_steps.rb:97
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                                                        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

12 scenarios (12 passed)
111 steps (111 passed)
0m2.886s
Feature: As an SLI application, I want to be able to manage teacher-school associations
  This means I want to be able to perform CRUD on teacher-school-associations. 
  Also so verify the correct links from that resource to the appropriate teacher and schools.
  
    This is the data I am assuming for these tests:
    Teacher: Ms Jones, Mr. Smith
    School: Chemistry Elementary, Physics Middle, Biology High, Algebra Alternative

  Background: Nothing yet                         # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/teacher_school_association.feature:10
    Given I am logged in using "demo" "demo1234"  # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:2
    And I have access to all teachers and schools # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:7

  Scenario: Create a teacher-school-association                                                           # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/teacher_school_association.feature:14
    Given format "application/json"                                                                       # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    And "teacherId" is "<'Mr. Smith' ID>"                                                                 # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/step_definitions/teacher_school_association_steps.rb:32
    And "schoolId" is "<'Algebra Alternative' ID>"                                                        # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/step_definitions/teacher_school_association_steps.rb:32
    And "programAssignment" is "Regular_Education"                                                        # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/step_definitions/teacher_school_association_steps.rb:32
    And "instructionalGradeLevels" is "Tenth_grade"                                                       # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/step_definitions/teacher_school_association_steps.rb:32
    When I navigate to POST "/teacher-school-associations"                                                # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/step_definitions/teacher_school_association_steps.rb:47
    Then I should receive a return code of 201                                                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive an ID for the newly created teacher-school-association                           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:21
    When I navigate to GET "/teacher-school-associations/<'newly created teacher-school-association' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then "teacherId" should be "<'Mr. Smith' ID>"                                                         # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/step_definitions/teacher_school_association_steps.rb:71
    And "schoolId" should be "<'Algebra Alternative' ID>"                                                 # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/step_definitions/teacher_school_association_steps.rb:71
    And "programAssignment" should be "Regular_Education"                                                 # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/step_definitions/teacher_school_association_steps.rb:71
    And "instructionalGradeLevels" should be "Tenth_grade"                                                # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/step_definitions/teacher_school_association_steps.rb:71

  Scenario: Reading a teacher-school-association                                                                                      # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/teacher_school_association.feature:29
    Given format "application/json"                                                                                                   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/teacher-school-associations/<'Teacher Mr. Smith and School Biology High' ID>"                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                                        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And "teacherId" should be "<'Mr. Smith' ID>"                                                                                      # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/step_definitions/teacher_school_association_steps.rb:71
    And "schoolId" should be "<'Biology High' ID>"                                                                                    # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/step_definitions/teacher_school_association_steps.rb:71
    And I should receive a link named "self" with URI "/teacher-school-associations/<'Teacher Mr. Smith and School Biology High' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getTeacher" with URI "/teachers/<'Mr. Smith' ID>"                                              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getSchool" with URI "/schools/<'Biology High' ID>"                                             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52

  Scenario: Read a teacher-school-association for a teacher                                                         # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/teacher_school_association.feature:39
    Given format "application/json"                                                                                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/teacher-school-associations/<'Ms. Jones' ID>"                                          # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a collection of 3 teacher-school-association links                                         # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/step_definitions/teacher_school_association_steps.rb:85
    And after resolving each link, I should receive a link named "getTeacher" with URI "/teachers/<'Ms. Jones' ID>" # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/step_definitions/teacher_school_association_steps.rb:98
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getSchool" with URI "/schools/<'Algebra Alternative' ID>"  # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/step_definitions/teacher_school_association_steps.rb:109
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getSchool" with URI "/schools/<'Biology High' ID>"         # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/step_definitions/teacher_school_association_steps.rb:109
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getSchool" with URI "/schools/<'Chemistry Elementary' ID>" # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/step_definitions/teacher_school_association_steps.rb:109

  Scenario: Reading a teacher-school-association for a school                                                        # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/teacher_school_association.feature:49
    Given format "application/json"                                                                                  # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/teacher-school-associations/<'Biology High' ID>"                                        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                       # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a collection of 3 teacher-school-association links                                          # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/step_definitions/teacher_school_association_steps.rb:85
    And after resolving each link, I should receive a link named "getSchool" with URI "/schools/<'Biology High' ID>" # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/step_definitions/teacher_school_association_steps.rb:98
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getTeacher" with URI "/teachers/<'Ms. Jones' ID>"           # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/step_definitions/teacher_school_association_steps.rb:109
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getTeacher" with URI "/teachers/<'Mr. Smith' ID>"           # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/step_definitions/teacher_school_association_steps.rb:109
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getTeacher" with URI "/teachers/<'Mrs. Solis' ID>"          # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/step_definitions/teacher_school_association_steps.rb:109

  Scenario: Update a teacher-school-association                                                                   # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/teacher_school_association.feature:59
    Given format "application/json"                                                                               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/teacher-school-associations/<'Teacher Ms. Jones and School Algebra Alternative' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then "programAssignment" should be "Regular_Education"                                                        # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/step_definitions/teacher_school_association_steps.rb:71
    When I set the "programAssignment" to "Special_Education"                                                     # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/step_definitions/teacher_school_association_steps.rb:53
    And I navigate to PUT "/teacher-school-associations/<'Teacher Ms. Jones and School Algebra Alternative' ID>"  # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/step_definitions/teacher_school_association_steps.rb:57
    Then I should receive a return code of 204                                                                    # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I navigate to GET "/teacher-school-associations/<'Teacher Ms. Jones and School Algebra Alternative' ID>"  # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    And "programAssignment" should be "Special_Education"                                                         # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/step_definitions/teacher_school_association_steps.rb:71

  Scenario: Delete a teacher-school-association                                                                      # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/teacher_school_association.feature:70
    Given format "application/json"                                                                                  # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to DELETE "/teacher-school-associations/<'Teacher Ms. Jones and School Algebra Alternative' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:47
    Then I should receive a return code of 204                                                                       # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I navigate to GET "/teacher-school-associations/<'Teacher Ms. Jones and School Algebra Alternative' ID>"     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    And I should receive a return code of 404                                                                        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  ### Error handling
  Scenario: Attempt to read a non-existent resource                      # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/teacher_school_association.feature:79
    Given format "application/json"                                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/teacher-school-associations/<'Invalid ID'>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Attempt to delete a non-existent resource                       # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/teacher_school_association.feature:84
    Given format "application/json"                                         # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to DELETE "/teacher-school-associations/<'Invalid ID'>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:47
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Update a non-existing student-school-association                                          # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/teacher_school_association.feature:89
    Given format "application/json"                                                                   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I attempt to update a non-existing association "/teacher-school-associations/<'Invalid ID'>" # test/features/api/associations/teacher_school_association/step_definitions/teacher_school_association_steps.rb:120
    Then I should receive a return code of 404                                                        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

9 scenarios (9 passed)
77 steps (77 passed)
0m2.127s
Feature: As an SLI application, I want to be able to manage teacher-section associations
  This means I want to be able to perform CRUD on teacher-section-associations
  Also verify the correct links from that resource to the appropriate teacher and section.
  
  This is the data I am assuming for these tests:
  Teacher: Ms. Jones, Ms. Smith
  Section: Chem I, Physics II, Biology III, Algebra II

  Background: Logged in as a super-user            # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/teacher_section_association.feature:10
    Given I am logged in using "demo" "demo1234"   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:2
    And I have access to all teachers and sections # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:7

  Scenario: Create a teacher-section-association                                                            # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/teacher_section_association.feature:14
    Given format "application/json"                                                                         # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    And "teacherId" is "<'Ms. Smith' ID>"                                                                   # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/step_definitions/teacher_section_association_steps.rb:39
    And "sectionId" is "<'Algebra II' ID>"                                                                  # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/step_definitions/teacher_section_association_steps.rb:39
    And "beginDate" is "2011-8-15"                                                                          # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/step_definitions/teacher_section_association_steps.rb:39
    And "endDate" is "2011-12-15"                                                                           # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/step_definitions/teacher_section_association_steps.rb:39
    And "classroomPosition" is "TEACHER_OF_RECORD"                                                          # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/step_definitions/teacher_section_association_steps.rb:39
    When I navigate to POST "/teacher-section-associations"                                                 # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/step_definitions/teacher_section_association_steps.rb:31
    Then I should receive a return code of 201                                                              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive an ID for the newly created teacher-section-association                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:21
    When I navigate to GET "/teacher-section-associations/<'newly created teacher-section-association' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    Then "beginDate" should be "2011-8-15"                                                                  # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/step_definitions/teacher_section_association_steps.rb:26
    And "endDate" should be "2011-12-15"                                                                    # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/step_definitions/teacher_section_association_steps.rb:26
    And "classroomPosition" should be "TEACHER_OF_RECORD"                                                   # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/step_definitions/teacher_section_association_steps.rb:26

  Scenario: Read a teacher-section-association                                                                                        # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/teacher_section_association.feature:30
    Given format "application/json"                                                                                                   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/teacher-section-associations/<'Teacher Ms. Jones and Section Algebra II' ID>"                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                                        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a link named "getTeacher" with URI "/teachers/<'Ms. Jones' ID>"                                              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getSection" with URI "/sections/<'Algebra II' ID>"                                             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "self" with URI "/teacher-section-associations/<'Teacher Ms. Jones and Section Algebra II' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And "beginDate" should be "2011-9-1"                                                                                              # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/step_definitions/teacher_section_association_steps.rb:26
    And "endDate" should be "2011-12-16"                                                                                              # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/step_definitions/teacher_section_association_steps.rb:26
    And "highlyQualifiedTeacher" should be "true"                                                                                     # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/step_definitions/teacher_section_association_steps.rb:26
    And "classroomPosition" should be "TEACHER_OF_RECORD"                                                                             # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/step_definitions/teacher_section_association_steps.rb:26

  Scenario: Reading a teacher-section-association for a teacher                                                     # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/teacher_section_association.feature:42
    Given format "application/json"                                                                                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/teacher-section-associations/<'Ms. Jones' ID>"                                         # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a collection of 4 teacher-section-association links                                        # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/step_definitions/teacher_section_association_steps.rb:47
    And after resolving each link, I should receive a link named "getTeacher" with URI "/teachers/<'Ms. Jones' ID>" # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/step_definitions/teacher_section_association_steps.rb:87
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getSection" with URI "/sections/<'Chem I' ID>"             # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/step_definitions/teacher_section_association_steps.rb:65
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getSection" with URI "/sections/<'Physics II' ID>"         # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/step_definitions/teacher_section_association_steps.rb:65
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getSection" with URI "/sections/<'Biology III' ID>"        # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/step_definitions/teacher_section_association_steps.rb:65

  Scenario: Reading a teacher-section-association for a section                                            # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/teacher_section_association.feature:52
    Given format "application/json"                                                                        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/teacher-section-associations/<'Chem I' ID>"                                   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a collection of 2 teacher-section-association links                               # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/step_definitions/teacher_section_association_steps.rb:47
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getSection" with URI "/sections/<'Chem I' ID>"    # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/step_definitions/teacher_section_association_steps.rb:65
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getTeacher" with URI "/teachers/<'Ms. Jones' ID>" # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/step_definitions/teacher_section_association_steps.rb:65
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getTeacher" with URI "/teachers/<'Ms. Smith' ID>" # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/step_definitions/teacher_section_association_steps.rb:65

  Scenario: Update a teacher-section-association                                                      # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/teacher_section_association.feature:61
    Given format "application/json"                                                                   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    And I navigate to GET "/teacher-section-associations/<'Teacher Ms. Smith and Section Chem I' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    And "classroomPosition" is "TEACHER_OF_RECORD"                                                    # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/step_definitions/teacher_section_association_steps.rb:39
    When I set "classroomPosition" to "ASSISTANT_TEACHER"                                             # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/step_definitions/teacher_section_association_steps.rb:107
    And I navigate to PUT "/teacher-section-associations/<'Teacher Ms. Smith and Section Chem I' ID>" # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/step_definitions/teacher_section_association_steps.rb:111
    Then I should receive a return code of 204                                                        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I navigate to GET "/teacher-section-associations/<'Teacher Ms. Smith and Section Chem I' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    And "classroomPosition" should be "ASSISTANT_TEACHER"                                             # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/step_definitions/teacher_section_association_steps.rb:26

  Scenario: Delete a teacher-section-association                                                              # test/features/api/associations/teacher_section_association/teacher_section_association.feature:72
    Given format "application/json"                                                                           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to DELETE "/teacher-section-associations/<'Teacher Ms. Smith and Section Physics II' ID>" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:47
    Then I should receive a return code of 204                                                                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I navigate to GET "/teacher-section-associations/<'Teacher Ms. Smith and Section Physics II' ID>"     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    And I should receive a return code of 404                                                                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

6 scenarios (6 passed)
64 steps (64 passed)
0m2.115s
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.school
imported 24 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.teacher
imported 22 objects
Feature: Test schema based validation on entities/associations

  Background: Logged in as a super-user and using the small data set # test/features/api/validation/validation.feature:5
    Given I am logged in using "demo" "demo1234"                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:2
    And I have access to all entities                                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:7

  Scenario: Post a valid base Student/School with bare minimum required data # test/features/api/validation/validation.feature:9
    Given format "application/json"                                          # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    And I create a valid base level student object                           # test/features/api/validation/step_definitions/validation_steps.rb:30
    When I navigate to POST "/students"                                      # test/features/api/validation/step_definitions/validation_steps.rb:42
    Then I should receive a return code of 201                               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    Given I create a valid base level school object                          # test/features/api/validation/step_definitions/validation_steps.rb:34
    When I navigate to POST "/schools"                                       # test/features/api/validation/step_definitions/validation_steps.rb:42
    Then I should receive a return code of 201                               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Given a known school object, perform a PUT with a base school object to confirm option attributes are gone (test non-patching) # test/features/api/validation/validation.feature:128
    Given format "application/json"                                                                                                        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/schools/<'Apple Alternative Elementary School' ID>"                                                           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                                             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I create a valid base level school object                                                                                         # test/features/api/validation/step_definitions/validation_steps.rb:34
    And I navigate to PUT "/schools/<'Apple Alternative Elementary School' ID>"                                                            # test/features/api/validation/step_definitions/validation_steps.rb:127
    Then I should receive a return code of 204                                                                                             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    When I navigate to GET "/schools/<'Apple Alternative Elementary School' ID>"                                                           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                                             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And "nameOfInstitution" should be "school name"                                                                                        # test/features/api/validation/step_definitions/validation_steps.rb:142
    And "stateOrganizationId" should be "12345678"                                                                                         # test/features/api/validation/step_definitions/validation_steps.rb:142
    And "gradesOffered" should contain "First_grade" and "Second_grade"                                                                    # test/features/api/validation/step_definitions/validation_steps.rb:148
    And there should be no other contents in the response body other than links                                                            # test/features/api/validation/step_definitions/validation_steps.rb:155

  Scenario: Given a school entity with no associations, when a GET is performed with an association id, an empty collection should be returned (not 404) # test/features/api/validation/validation.feature:142
    Given format "application/json"                                                                                                                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    And I create a valid base level school object                                                                                                        # test/features/api/validation/step_definitions/validation_steps.rb:34
    When I navigate to POST "/schools"                                                                                                                   # test/features/api/validation/step_definitions/validation_steps.rb:42
    Then I should receive a return code of 201                                                                                                           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive an ID for the newly created school                                                                                              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:21
    When I navigate to GET "/teacher-school-associations/<'Previous School' ID>"                                                                         # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                                                           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And a collection of size 0                                                                                                                           # test/features/api/validation/step_definitions/validation_steps.rb:161
    When I navigate to GET "/teacher-school-associations/<'Previous School' ID>/targets"                                                                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                                                           # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And a collection of size 0                                                                                                                           # test/features/api/validation/step_definitions/validation_steps.rb:161

3 scenarios (3 passed)
36 steps (36 passed)
0m0.609s
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.section
imported 20 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.school
imported 24 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.student
imported 2372 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.teacher
imported 22 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.staff
imported 10 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.assessment
imported 12 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.studentSchoolAssociation
imported 2346 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.teacherSectionAssociation
imported 19 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.studentAssessmentAssociation
imported 158 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.studentSectionAssociation
imported 34 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.teacherSchoolAssociation
imported 14 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.educationOrganization
imported 8 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.educationOrganizationSchoolAssociation
imported 13 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.educationOrganizationAssociation
imported 3 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.aggregationDefinition
imported 3 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.staffEducationOrganizationAssociation
imported 6 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.realm
imported 3 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 3 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 9 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 11 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 11 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 145 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 2336 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 145 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 2336 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 11 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 65 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 1 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 9 objects
Feature: As a teacher I want to see all my students in 3rd period Algebra II class and view ISAT Math 2011 assessment scores
  
  This is the data I am assuming for these tests
  SectionName:  Algebra II
  ClassPeriod = 3
  Teacher = Ms. Jones
  Assume that Teacher, Student, Section, Assessment entity and associations are available

  Background: Logged in as a teacher and using the small data set  # test/features/api/end_user_stories/lists/List-Filter.feature:9
    Given I am logged in using "demo" "demo1234"                   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:2
    Given I have access to all students, assessments, and sections # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:7

  Scenario: As a teacher I want to see all my students in 3rd period Algebra II class and view ISAT Math 2011 assessment scores                                         # test/features/api/end_user_stories/lists/List-Filter.feature:13
    Given format "application/json"                                                                                                                                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/teachers/<'Ms. Jones' ID>"                                                                                                                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a link named "getTeacherSectionAssociations" with URI "/teacher-section-associations/<'Ms. Jones' ID>"                                        # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getSections" with URI "/teacher-section-associations/<'Ms. Jones' ID>/targets"                                                   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "self" with URI "/teachers/<'Ms. Jones' ID>"                                                                                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    When I navigate to "getSections" with URI "/teacher-section-associations/<'Ms. Jones' ID>/targets"                                                                  # test/features/api/end_user_stories/lists/step_definitions/List-Filter_steps.rb:37
    Then I should receive a collection of 3 section links                                                                                                               # test/features/api/end_user_stories/lists/step_definitions/List-Filter_steps.rb:81
    And I should find section with sectionName is "French" and classPeriod is "5"                                                                                       # test/features/api/end_user_stories/lists/step_definitions/List-Filter_steps.rb:124
    And I should find section with sectionName is "Algebra II" and classPeriod is "3"  with <'ImportantSection' ID>                                                     # test/features/api/end_user_stories/lists/step_definitions/List-Filter_steps.rb:144
    And I should find section with sectionName is "Algebra II" and classPeriod is "1"                                                                                   # test/features/api/end_user_stories/lists/step_definitions/List-Filter_steps.rb:124
    When I navigate to "getSections" with URI "/teacher-section-associations/<'Ms. Jones' ID>/targets" and filter by sectionName is "Algebra II" and classPeriod is "3" # test/features/api/end_user_stories/lists/step_definitions/List-Filter_steps.rb:42
    Then I should receive a collection of 1 section links                                                                                                               # test/features/api/end_user_stories/lists/step_definitions/List-Filter_steps.rb:81
    And after resolution, I should receive a link named "getStudents" with URI "/student-section-associations/<'ImportantSection' ID>/targets"                          # test/features/api/end_user_stories/lists/step_definitions/List-Filter_steps.rb:102
    When I navigate to "getStudents" with URI "/student-section-associations/<'ImportantSection' ID>/targets"                                                           # test/features/api/end_user_stories/lists/step_definitions/List-Filter_steps.rb:37
    Then I should receive a collection of 5 student links                                                                                                               # test/features/api/end_user_stories/lists/step_definitions/List-Filter_steps.rb:81
    And I should find Student with <'John Doe' ID>                                                                                                                      # test/features/api/end_user_stories/lists/step_definitions/List-Filter_steps.rb:113
    And I should find Student with <'Sean Deer' ID>                                                                                                                     # test/features/api/end_user_stories/lists/step_definitions/List-Filter_steps.rb:113
    And I should find Student with <'Suzy Queue' ID>                                                                                                                    # test/features/api/end_user_stories/lists/step_definitions/List-Filter_steps.rb:113
    And I should find Student with <'Mary Line' ID>                                                                                                                     # test/features/api/end_user_stories/lists/step_definitions/List-Filter_steps.rb:113
    And I should find Student with <'Dong Steve' ID>                                                                                                                    # test/features/api/end_user_stories/lists/step_definitions/List-Filter_steps.rb:113
    When I navigate to GET "/students/<'Suzy Queue' ID>"                                                                                                                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a link named "getStudentAssessmentAssociations" with URI "/student-assessment-associations/<'Suzy Queue' ID>"                                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getAssessments" with URI "/student-assessment-associations/<'Suzy Queue' ID>/targets"                                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    When I navigate to "getAssessments" with URI "/student-assessment-associations/<'Suzy Queue' ID>/targets" and filter by assessmentTitle is "ISAT MATH"              # test/features/api/end_user_stories/lists/step_definitions/List-Filter_steps.rb:49
    Then I should receive a collection of 1 assessment links                                                                                                            # test/features/api/end_user_stories/lists/step_definitions/List-Filter_steps.rb:81
    When I navigate to "getStudentAssessmentAssociations" with URI "/student-assessment-associations/<'ISAT MATH' ID>" to filter                                        # test/features/api/end_user_stories/lists/step_definitions/List-Filter_steps.rb:56
    And filter by administrationDate is between "2011-01-01" and "2011-12-31"                                                                                           # test/features/api/end_user_stories/lists/step_definitions/List-Filter_steps.rb:60
    And filter by studentId is <'Suzy Queue' ID>                                                                                                                        # test/features/api/end_user_stories/lists/step_definitions/List-Filter_steps.rb:65
    Then I should find a ScoreResult is 89                                                                                                                              # test/features/api/end_user_stories/lists/step_definitions/List-Filter_steps.rb:164
    And I should find a PerformanceLevel is 3                                                                                                                           # test/features/api/end_user_stories/lists/step_definitions/List-Filter_steps.rb:181

1 scenario (1 passed)
32 steps (32 passed)
0m1.748s
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.section
imported 20 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.school
imported 24 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.student
imported 2372 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.teacher
imported 22 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.staff
imported 10 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.assessment
imported 12 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.studentSchoolAssociation
imported 2346 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.teacherSectionAssociation
imported 19 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.studentAssessmentAssociation
imported 158 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.studentSectionAssociation
imported 34 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.teacherSchoolAssociation
imported 14 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.educationOrganization
imported 8 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.educationOrganizationSchoolAssociation
imported 13 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.educationOrganizationAssociation
imported 3 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.aggregationDefinition
imported 3 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.staffEducationOrganizationAssociation
imported 6 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.realm
imported 3 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 3 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 9 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 11 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 11 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 145 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 2336 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 145 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 2336 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 11 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 65 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 1 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 9 objects
Feature: Test resolution of targets link for different entities

  Background: None                               # test/features/api/end_user_stories/targets/targets.feature:4
    Given I am logged in using "demo" "demo1234" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:2
    And I have access to all entities            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:7

  Scenario: Check targets resolution after reading an assessment by ID                                                                         # test/features/api/end_user_stories/targets/targets.feature:8
    Given format "application/json"                                                                                                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/assessments/<'Writing Advanced Placement Test' ID>"                                                               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                                                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a link named "getStudents" with URI "/student-assessment-associations/<'Writing Advanced Placement Test' ID>/targets" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    When I navigate to GET "/student-assessment-associations/<'Writing Advanced Placement Test' ID>/targets"                                   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                                                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a collection of 5 student links                                                                                       # test/features/api/end_user_stories/targets/step_definitions/targets_steps.rb:49
    And after resolution, I should receive a "Student" with ID "<'Alfonso' ID>"                                                                # test/features/api/end_user_stories/targets/step_definitions/targets_steps.rb:62
    And after resolution, I should receive a "Student" with ID "<'Priscilla' ID>"                                                              # test/features/api/end_user_stories/targets/step_definitions/targets_steps.rb:62
    And after resolution, I should receive a "Student" with ID "<'Alden' ID>"                                                                  # test/features/api/end_user_stories/targets/step_definitions/targets_steps.rb:62
    And after resolution, I should receive a "Student" with ID "<'Donna' ID>"                                                                  # test/features/api/end_user_stories/targets/step_definitions/targets_steps.rb:62
    And after resolution, I should receive a "Student" with ID "<'Rachel' ID>"                                                                 # test/features/api/end_user_stories/targets/step_definitions/targets_steps.rb:62

  Scenario: Check targets resolution after reading a teacher by ID                                                 # test/features/api/end_user_stories/targets/targets.feature:22
    Given format "application/json"                                                                                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/teachers/<'Quemby' ID>"                                                               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a link named "getSections" with URI "/teacher-section-associations/<'Quemby' ID>/targets" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    And I should receive a link named "getSchools" with URI "/teacher-school-associations/<'Quemby' ID>/targets"   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    When I navigate to GET "/teacher-section-associations/<'Quemby' ID>/targets"                                   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a collection of 2 Section links                                                           # test/features/api/end_user_stories/targets/step_definitions/targets_steps.rb:49
    And after resolution, I should receive a "Section" with ID "<'Chemistry F11' ID>"                              # test/features/api/end_user_stories/targets/step_definitions/targets_steps.rb:62
    And after resolution, I should receive a "Section" with ID "<'Physics S08' ID>"                                # test/features/api/end_user_stories/targets/step_definitions/targets_steps.rb:62
    When I navigate to GET "/teacher-school-associations/<'Quemby' ID>/targets"                                    # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a collection of 1 School links                                                            # test/features/api/end_user_stories/targets/step_definitions/targets_steps.rb:49
    And after resolution, I should receive a "School" with ID "<'Apple Alternative Elementary School' ID>"         # test/features/api/end_user_stories/targets/step_definitions/targets_steps.rb:62

  Scenario: Check targets resolution after reading a student by ID                                                        # test/features/api/end_user_stories/targets/targets.feature:38
    Given format "application/json"                                                                                       # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/students/<'Alfonso' ID>"                                                                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a link named "getAssessments" with URI "/student-assessment-associations/<'Alfonso' ID>/targets" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    When I navigate to GET "/student-assessment-associations/<'Alfonso' ID>/targets"                                      # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a collection of 2 Assessment links                                                               # test/features/api/end_user_stories/targets/step_definitions/targets_steps.rb:49
    And after resolution, I should receive a "Assessment" with ID "<'Writing Advanced Placement Test' ID>"                # test/features/api/end_user_stories/targets/step_definitions/targets_steps.rb:62
    And after resolution, I should receive a "Assessment" with ID "<'Writing Achievement Assessment Test' ID>"            # test/features/api/end_user_stories/targets/step_definitions/targets_steps.rb:62

  Scenario: Check targets resolution after reading a school by ID                                                              # test/features/api/end_user_stories/targets/targets.feature:49
    Given format "application/json"                                                                                            # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "/schools/<'Biology High School' ID>"                                                               # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a link named "getTeachers" with URI "/teacher-school-associations/<'Biology High School' ID>/targets" # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:52
    When I navigate to GET "/teacher-school-associations/<'Biology High School' ID>/targets"                                   # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a collection of 3 Teacher links                                                                       # test/features/api/end_user_stories/targets/step_definitions/targets_steps.rb:49
    And after resolution, I should receive a "Teacher" with ID "<'Ms. Jones' ID>"                                              # test/features/api/end_user_stories/targets/step_definitions/targets_steps.rb:62
    And after resolution, I should receive a "Teacher" with ID "<'Mr. Smith' ID>"                                              # test/features/api/end_user_stories/targets/step_definitions/targets_steps.rb:62
    And after resolution, I should receive a "Teacher" with ID "<'Mrs. Solis' ID>"                                             # test/features/api/end_user_stories/targets/step_definitions/targets_steps.rb:62

4 scenarios (4 passed)
53 steps (53 passed)
0m3.290s
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.section
imported 20 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.school
imported 24 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.student
imported 2372 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.teacher
imported 22 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.staff
imported 10 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.assessment
imported 12 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.studentSchoolAssociation
imported 2346 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.teacherSectionAssociation
imported 19 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.studentAssessmentAssociation
imported 158 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.studentSectionAssociation
imported 34 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.teacherSchoolAssociation
imported 14 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.educationOrganization
imported 8 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.educationOrganizationSchoolAssociation
imported 13 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.educationOrganizationAssociation
imported 3 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.aggregationDefinition
imported 3 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.staffEducationOrganizationAssociation
imported 6 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.realm
imported 3 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 3 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 9 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 11 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 11 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 145 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 2336 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 145 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 2336 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 11 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 65 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 1 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 9 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.aggregation
imported 1 objects
Feature: In order to provide base aggregation information
  As a client application using SLI
  I want to know what aggregations are available to a user based on their user type.
  This means all associations should be returned as links when accessing the AGGREGATION URI.

  Background: Logged in as a leader and using the small data set # test/features/api/aggregations/aggregations.feature:7
    Given I am logged in using "leader" "leader1234"             # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:2
    Given I have access to all entities                          # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:7

  Scenario: MOCK Home URI returns a aggregation start link                             # test/features/api/aggregations/aggregations.feature:11
    Given format "application/json"                                                    # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    When I navigate to GET "<home URI>"                                                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                         # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a link where rel is "links" and href ends with "/aggregation" # test/features/api/aggregations/step_definitions/aggregations.rb:41

  Scenario: MOCK Aggregation URI returns a valid district link                                          # test/features/api/aggregations/aggregations.feature:17
    Given format "application/json"                                                                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    And mock district ID <mock ID>                                                                      # test/features/api/aggregations/step_definitions/aggregations.rb:8
    When I navigate to GET "<aggregation URI>"                                                          # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                          # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a collection of association links                                              # test/features/api/aggregations/step_definitions/aggregations.rb:20
    And I should receive a link where rel is "links" and href ends with "/district/" and appropriate ID # test/features/api/aggregations/step_definitions/aggregations.rb:54

  Scenario: Aggregation district URI returns valid aggregations links                                                                                       # test/features/api/aggregations/aggregations.feature:25
    Given format "application/json"                                                                                                                         # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:12
    And mock district ID <mock ID>                                                                                                                          # test/features/api/aggregations/step_definitions/aggregations.rb:8
    When I navigate to GET "<district URI>"                                                                                                                 # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:30
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                                                                              # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should receive a collection of aggregations links                                                                                                 # test/features/api/aggregations/step_definitions/aggregations.rb:20
    And after resolution, I should receive an object with a link named "self" with URI "/aggregations/" and appropriate ID and with district ID "<mock ID>" # test/features/api/aggregations/step_definitions/aggregations.rb:67

3 scenarios (3 passed)
22 steps (22 passed)
0m0.359s
session tests Passed
school tests Passed
student tests Passed
teacher tests Passed
section tests Passed
assessment tests Passed
home_uri tests Passed
educationOrganization_association tests Passed
student_section_association tests Passed
student_assessment_association tests Passed
student_school_association tests Passed
teacher_school_association tests Passed
teacher_section_association tests Passed
validation tests Passed
lists tests Passed
targets tests Passed
aggregates tests Failed
aggregations tests Passed
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.section
imported 20 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.school
imported 24 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.student
imported 2372 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.teacher
imported 22 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.staff
imported 10 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.assessment
imported 12 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.studentSchoolAssociation
imported 2346 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.teacherSectionAssociation
imported 19 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.studentAssessmentAssociation
imported 158 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.studentSectionAssociation
imported 34 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.teacherSchoolAssociation
imported 14 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.educationOrganization
imported 8 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.educationOrganizationSchoolAssociation
imported 13 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.educationOrganizationAssociation
imported 3 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.aggregationDefinition
imported 3 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.staffEducationOrganizationAssociation
imported 6 objects
connected to: localhost
dropping: sli.realm
imported 3 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 3 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 9 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 11 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 11 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 145 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 2336 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 145 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 2336 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 11 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 65 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 1 objects
connected to: localhost
imported 9 objects
Feature: Context-based Permissions for Educator
  
  I would like to implement context-based permissions, so that when a SEA/LEA end user (that represents an Educator) access the SLI, he/she is provided with the student data that the Educator has relationship with.

  #School
  Scenario Outline: Authenticated Educator makes API call to get own School             # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:7
    Given I am a valid <Realm> end user <Username> with password <Password>             # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
    And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                               # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
    And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
    And my School is <School>                                                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:116
    When I make an API call to get the school <School>                                  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:120
    Then I receive a JSON response that includes the school <School> and its attributes # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:125

    Examples: 

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "jdoe" | "jdoe1234" | "Fry High School" |             # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:16
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "jdoe" with password "jdoe1234"                  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                               # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        And my School is "Fry High School"                                                  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:116
        When I make an API call to get the school "Fry High School"                         # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:120
        Then I receive a JSON response that includes the school "Fry High School" and its attributes# test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:125

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "ejane" | "ejane1234" | "Watson Elementary School" |             # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:18
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "ejane" with password "ejane1234"                # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                               # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        And my School is "Watson Elementary School"                                         # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:116
        When I make an API call to get the school "Watson Elementary School"                # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:120
        Then I receive a JSON response that includes the school "Watson Elementary School" and its attributes# test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:125

  Scenario Outline: Authenticated Educator makes API call to get not own School # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:20
    Given I am a valid <Realm> end user <Username> with password <Password>     # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
    And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                       # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
    And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                          # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
    And my School is <School>                                                   # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:116
    When I make an API call to get the school <OtherSchool>                     # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:120
    Then I should get a message that I am not authorized                        # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:132

    Examples: 

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "tbear" | "tbear1234" | "Fry High School" | "Parker-Dust Middle School" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:29
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "tbear" with password "tbear1234"        # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                       # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                          # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        And my School is "Fry High School"                                          # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:116
        When I make an API call to get the school "Parker-Dust Middle School"       # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:120
        Then I should get a message that I am not authorized                        # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:132

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "john_doe" | "john_doe1234" | "Watson Elementary School" | "Fry High School" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:30
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "john_doe" with password "john_doe1234"  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                       # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                          # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        And my School is "Watson Elementary School"                                 # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:116
        When I make an API call to get the school "Fry High School"                 # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:120
        Then I should get a message that I am not authorized                        # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:132

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "ejane" | "ejane1234" | "Watson Elementary School" | "Parker-Dust Middle School" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:33
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "ejane" with password "ejane1234"        # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                       # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                          # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        And my School is "Watson Elementary School"                                 # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:116
        When I make an API call to get the school "Parker-Dust Middle School"       # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:120
        Then I should get a message that I am not authorized                        # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:132

  #Teacher
  Scenario Outline: Authenticated Educator makes API call to get self (Teacher)           # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:37
    Given I am a valid <Realm> end user <Username> with password <Password>               # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
    And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                 # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
    And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                    # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
    And my School is <School>                                                             # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:116
    When I make an API call to get the teacher <Teacher>                                  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:136
    Then I receive a JSON response that includes the teacher <Teacher> and its attributes # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:141

    Examples: 

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "tbear" | "tbear1234" | "Fry High School" | "Ted Bear" |           # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:46
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "tbear" with password "tbear1234"                  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                 # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                    # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        And my School is "Fry High School"                                                    # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:116
        When I make an API call to get the teacher "Ted Bear"                                 # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:136
        Then I receive a JSON response that includes the teacher "Ted Bear" and its attributes# test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:141

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "ejane" | "ejane1234" | "Watson Elementary School" | "Elizabeth Jane" |           # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:48
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "ejane" with password "ejane1234"                  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                 # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                    # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        And my School is "Watson Elementary School"                                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:116
        When I make an API call to get the teacher "Elizabeth Jane"                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:136
        Then I receive a JSON response that includes the teacher "Elizabeth Jane" and its attributes# test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:141

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "jdoe" | "jdoe1234" | "Fry High School" | "John Doe 1" |           # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:49
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "jdoe" with password "jdoe1234"                    # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                 # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                    # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        And my School is "Fry High School"                                                    # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:116
        When I make an API call to get the teacher "John Doe 1"                               # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:136
        Then I receive a JSON response that includes the teacher "John Doe 1" and its attributes# test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:141

  Scenario Outline: Authenticated Educator makes API call to get list of Teachers within own School # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:51
    Given I am a valid <Realm> end user <Username> with password <Password>                         # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
    And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
    And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                              # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
    And my School is <School>                                                                       # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:116
    When I make an API call to get list of teachers from the school <School>                        # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:152
    Then I receive a JSON response that includes a list of teachers from school <School>            # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:157

    Examples: 

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "jdoe" | "jdoe1234" | "Fry High School" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:60
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "jdoe" with password "jdoe1234"                              # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                              # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        And my School is "Fry High School"                                                              # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:116
        When I make an API call to get list of teachers from the school "Fry High School"               # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:152
        Then I receive a JSON response that includes a list of teachers from school "Fry High School"   # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:157

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "ejane" | "ejane1234" | "Watson Elementary School" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:62
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "ejane" with password "ejane1234"                            # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                              # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        And my School is "Watson Elementary School"                                                     # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:116
        When I make an API call to get list of teachers from the school "Watson Elementary School"      # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:152
        Then I receive a JSON response that includes a list of teachers from school "Watson Elementary School"# test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:157

  #| "idp2" | "ejane"   | "ejane1234"   | "Parker-Dust Middle School" |
  Scenario Outline: Authenticated Educator makes API call to get list of Teachers not in own School # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:65
    Given I am a valid <Realm> end user <Username> with password <Password>                         # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
    And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
    And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                              # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
    And my School is <School>                                                                       # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:116
    When I make an API call to get list of teachers from the school <OtherSchool>                   # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:152
    Then I should get a message that I am not authorized                                            # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:132

    Examples: 

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "jdoe" | "jdoe1234" | "Fry High School" | "Parker-Dust Middle School" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:74
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "jdoe" with password "jdoe1234"                              # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                              # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        And my School is "Fry High School"                                                              # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:116
        When I make an API call to get list of teachers from the school "Parker-Dust Middle School"     # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:152
        Then I should get a message that I am not authorized                                            # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:132

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "ejane" | "ejane1234" | "Watson Elementary School" | "Parker-Dust Middle School" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:77
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "ejane" with password "ejane1234"                            # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                              # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        And my School is "Watson Elementary School"                                                     # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:116
        When I make an API call to get list of teachers from the school "Parker-Dust Middle School"     # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:152
        Then I should get a message that I am not authorized                                            # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:132

  Scenario Outline: Authenticated Educator makes API call to get Teacher in own School    # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:79
    Given I am a valid <Realm> end user <Username> with password <Password>               # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
    And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                 # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
    And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                    # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
    And my School is <School>                                                             # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:116
    When I make an API call to get the teacher <Teacher>                                  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:136
    Then I receive a JSON response that includes the teacher <Teacher> and its attributes # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:141

    Examples: 

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "tbear" | "tbear1234" | "Fry High School" | "John Doe 1" |    # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:88
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "tbear" with password "tbear1234"                  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                 # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                    # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        And my School is "Fry High School"                                                    # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:116
        When I make an API call to get the teacher "John Doe 1"                               # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:136
        Then I receive a JSON response that includes the teacher "John Doe 1" and its attributes# test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:141

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "ejane" | "ejane1234" | "Watson Elementary School" | "John Doe 2" |    # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:90
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "ejane" with password "ejane1234"                  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                 # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                    # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        And my School is "Watson Elementary School"                                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:116
        When I make an API call to get the teacher "John Doe 2"                               # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:136
        Then I receive a JSON response that includes the teacher "John Doe 2" and its attributes# test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:141

  Scenario Outline: Authenticated Educator makes API call to get Teacher not in own School # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:92
    Given I am a valid <Realm> end user <Username> with password <Password>                # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
    And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
    And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                     # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
    And my School is <School>                                                              # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:116
    When I make an API call to get the teacher <Teacher>                                   # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:136
    Then I should get a message that I am not authorized                                   # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:132

    Examples: 

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "tbear" | "tbear1234" | "Fry High School" | "John Doe 3" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:101
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "tbear" with password "tbear1234"                   # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                     # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        And my School is "Fry High School"                                                     # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:116
        When I make an API call to get the teacher "John Doe 3"                                # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:136
        Then I should get a message that I am not authorized                                   # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:132

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "john_doe" | "john_doe1234" | "Watson Elementary School" | "Ted Bear" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:104
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "john_doe" with password "john_doe1234"             # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                     # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        And my School is "Watson Elementary School"                                            # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:116
        When I make an API call to get the teacher "Ted Bear"                                  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:136
        Then I should get a message that I am not authorized                                   # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:132

  #Section
  Scenario Outline: Authenticated Educator makes API call to get own list of Sections        # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:108
    Given I am a valid <Realm> end user <Username> with password <Password>                  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
    And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                    # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
    And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                       # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
    When I make an API call to get the list of sections taught by the teacher <Teacher>      # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:170
    Then I receive a JSON response that includes the list of sections that <Teacher> teaches # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:175

    Examples: 

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "tbear" | "tbear1234" | "Ted Bear" |        # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:116
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "tbear" with password "tbear1234"                     # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                    # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                       # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        When I make an API call to get the list of sections taught by the teacher "Ted Bear"     # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:170
        Then I receive a JSON response that includes the list of sections that "Ted Bear" teaches# test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:175

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "john_doe" | "john_doe1234" | "John Doe 2" |        # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:119
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "john_doe" with password "john_doe1234"               # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                    # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                       # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        When I make an API call to get the list of sections taught by the teacher "John Doe 2"   # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:170
        Then I receive a JSON response that includes the list of sections that "John Doe 2" teaches# test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:175

  Scenario Outline: Authenticated Educator makes API call to get other teacher's' list of Sections # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:121
    Given I am a valid <Realm> end user <Username> with password <Password>                        # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
    And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                          # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
    And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                             # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
    When I make an API call to get the list of sections taught by the teacher <Teacher>            # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:170
    Then I should get a message that I am not authorized                                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:132

    Examples: 

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "tbear" | "tbear1234" | "John Doe 3" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:129
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "tbear" with password "tbear1234"                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                          # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                             # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        When I make an API call to get the list of sections taught by the teacher "John Doe 3"         # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:170
        Then I should get a message that I am not authorized                                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:132

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "ejane" | "ejane1234" | "Emily Jane" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:131
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "ejane" with password "ejane1234"                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                          # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                             # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        When I make an API call to get the list of sections taught by the teacher "Emily Jane"         # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:170
        Then I should get a message that I am not authorized                                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:132

  #| "idp2" | "ejane"    | "ejane1234"   | "Elizabeth Jane" |
  #| "idp1" | "jdoe"     | "jdoe1234"    | "Ted Bear"       | #disabled, would get shared sections
  Scenario Outline: Authenticated Educator makes API call to get own Section              # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:135
    Given I am a valid <Realm> end user <Username> with password <Password>               # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
    And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                 # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
    And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                    # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
    And I teach in <Section>                                                              # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:188
    When I make an API call to get the section <Section>                                  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:192
    Then I receive a JSON response that includes the section <Section> and its attributes # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:197

    Examples: 

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "jdoe" | "jdoe1234" | "FHS-Science101" |              # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:144
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "jdoe" with password "jdoe1234"                    # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                 # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                    # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        And I teach in "FHS-Science101"                                                       # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:188
        When I make an API call to get the section "FHS-Science101"                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:192
        Then I receive a JSON response that includes the section "FHS-Science101" and its attributes# test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:197

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "ejane" | "ejane1234" | "WES-Math" |              # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:146
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "ejane" with password "ejane1234"                  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                 # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                    # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        And I teach in "WES-Math"                                                             # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:188
        When I make an API call to get the section "WES-Math"                                 # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:192
        Then I receive a JSON response that includes the section "WES-Math" and its attributes# test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:197

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "jdoe" | "jdoe1234" | "FHS-Math101" |              # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:147
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "jdoe" with password "jdoe1234"                    # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                 # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                    # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        And I teach in "FHS-Math101"                                                          # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:188
        When I make an API call to get the section "FHS-Math101"                              # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:192
        Then I receive a JSON response that includes the section "FHS-Math101" and its attributes# test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:197

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "tbear" | "tbear1234" | "FHS-Science101" |              # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:148
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "tbear" with password "tbear1234"                  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                 # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                    # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        And I teach in "FHS-Science101"                                                       # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:188
        When I make an API call to get the section "FHS-Science101"                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:192
        Then I receive a JSON response that includes the section "FHS-Science101" and its attributes# test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:197

  Scenario Outline: Authenticated Educator makes API call to get not own Section # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:150
    Given I am a valid <Realm> end user <Username> with password <Password>      # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
    And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                        # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
    And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
    When I make an API call to get the section <Section>                         # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:192
    Then I should get a message that I am not authorized                         # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:132

    Examples: 

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "jdoe" | "jdoe1234" | "FHS-English101" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:158
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "jdoe" with password "jdoe1234"           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                        # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        When I make an API call to get the section "FHS-English101"                  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:192
        Then I should get a message that I am not authorized                         # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:132

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "ejane" | "ejane1234" | "PDMS-Trig" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:161
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "ejane" with password "ejane1234"         # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                        # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        When I make an API call to get the section "PDMS-Trig"                       # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:192
        Then I should get a message that I am not authorized                         # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:132

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "tbear" | "tbear1234" | "FHS-Math101" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:162
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "tbear" with password "tbear1234"         # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                        # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        When I make an API call to get the section "FHS-Math101"                     # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:192
        Then I should get a message that I am not authorized                         # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:132

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "john_doe" | "john_doe1234" | "FHS-English101" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:163
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "john_doe" with password "john_doe1234"   # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                        # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        When I make an API call to get the section "FHS-English101"                  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:192
        Then I should get a message that I am not authorized                         # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:132

  #Student
  Scenario Outline: Authenticated Educator makes API call to get list of Students in section they teach # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:167
    Given I am a valid <Realm> end user <Username> with password <Password>                             # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
    And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                               # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
    And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                                  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
    When I make an API call to get a list of students in the section <Section>                          # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:204
    Then I receive a JSON response that includes the list of students in section <Section>              # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:209

    Examples: 

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "jdoe" | "jdoe1234" | "FHS-Science101" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:175
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "jdoe" with password "jdoe1234"                                  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                               # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                                  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        When I make an API call to get a list of students in the section "FHS-Science101"                   # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:204
        Then I receive a JSON response that includes the list of students in section "FHS-Science101"       # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:209

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "ejane" | "ejane1234" | "WES-Math" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:177
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "ejane" with password "ejane1234"                                # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                               # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                                  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        When I make an API call to get a list of students in the section "WES-Math"                         # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:204
        Then I receive a JSON response that includes the list of students in section "WES-Math"             # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:209

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "jdoe" | "jdoe1234" | "FHS-Math101" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:178
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "jdoe" with password "jdoe1234"                                  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                               # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                                  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        When I make an API call to get a list of students in the section "FHS-Math101"                      # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:204
        Then I receive a JSON response that includes the list of students in section "FHS-Math101"          # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:209

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "tbear" | "tbear1234" | "FHS-Science101" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:179
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "tbear" with password "tbear1234"                                # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                               # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                                  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        When I make an API call to get a list of students in the section "FHS-Science101"                   # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:204
        Then I receive a JSON response that includes the list of students in section "FHS-Science101"       # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:209

  Scenario Outline: Authenticated Educator makes API call to get list of Students in section they do not teach # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:181
    Given I am a valid <Realm> end user <Username> with password <Password>                                    # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
    And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                                      # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
    And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                                         # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
    When I make an API call to get a list of students in the section <Section>                                 # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:204
    Then I should get a message that I am not authorized                                                       # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:132

    Examples: 

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "jdoe" | "jdoe1234" | "FHS-English101" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:189
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "jdoe" with password "jdoe1234"                                         # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                                      # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                                         # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        When I make an API call to get a list of students in the section "FHS-English101"                          # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:204
        Then I should get a message that I am not authorized                                                       # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:132

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "ejane" | "ejane1234" | "PDMS-Trig" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:192
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "ejane" with password "ejane1234"                                       # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                                      # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                                         # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        When I make an API call to get a list of students in the section "PDMS-Trig"                               # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:204
        Then I should get a message that I am not authorized                                                       # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:132

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "tbear" | "tbear1234" | "FHS-Math101" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:193
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "tbear" with password "tbear1234"                                       # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                                      # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                                         # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        When I make an API call to get a list of students in the section "FHS-Math101"                             # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:204
        Then I should get a message that I am not authorized                                                       # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:132

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "john_doe" | "john_doe1234" | "FHS-English101" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:194
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "john_doe" with password "john_doe1234"                                 # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                                      # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                                         # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        When I make an API call to get a list of students in the section "FHS-English101"                          # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:204
        Then I should get a message that I am not authorized                                                       # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:132

  Scenario Outline: Authenticated Educator makes API call to get Student that he/she is teaching # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:196
    Given I am a valid <Realm> end user <Username> with password <Password>                      # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
    And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                        # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
    And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
    And I teach the student <Student>                                                            # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:222
    When I make an API call to get the student <Student>                                         # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:226
    Then I receive a JSON response that includes the student <Student> and its attributes        # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:231

    Examples: 

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "jdoe" | "jdoe1234" | "Doris Hanes" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:205
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "jdoe" with password "jdoe1234"                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                        # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        And I teach the student "Doris Hanes"                                                        # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:222
        When I make an API call to get the student "Doris Hanes"                                     # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:226
        Then I receive a JSON response that includes the student "Doris Hanes" and its attributes    # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:231

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "jdoe" | "jdoe1234" | "Gail Newman" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:206
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "jdoe" with password "jdoe1234"                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                        # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        And I teach the student "Gail Newman"                                                        # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:222
        When I make an API call to get the student "Gail Newman"                                     # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:226
        Then I receive a JSON response that includes the student "Gail Newman" and its attributes    # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:231

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "jdoe" | "jdoe1234" | "Mark Moody" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:207
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "jdoe" with password "jdoe1234"                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                        # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        And I teach the student "Mark Moody"                                                         # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:222
        When I make an API call to get the student "Mark Moody"                                      # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:226
        Then I receive a JSON response that includes the student "Mark Moody" and its attributes     # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:231

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "ejane" | "ejane1234" | "Lavern Chaney" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:211
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "ejane" with password "ejane1234"                         # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                        # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        And I teach the student "Lavern Chaney"                                                      # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:222
        When I make an API call to get the student "Lavern Chaney"                                   # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:226
        Then I receive a JSON response that includes the student "Lavern Chaney" and its attributes  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:231

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "john_doe" | "john_doe1234" | "Lavern Chaney" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:212
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "john_doe" with password "john_doe1234"                   # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                        # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        And I teach the student "Lavern Chaney"                                                      # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:222
        When I make an API call to get the student "Lavern Chaney"                                   # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:226
        Then I receive a JSON response that includes the student "Lavern Chaney" and its attributes  # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:231

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "tbear" | "tbear1234" | "Mark Moody" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:213
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "tbear" with password "tbear1234"                         # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                        # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        And I teach the student "Mark Moody"                                                         # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:222
        When I make an API call to get the student "Mark Moody"                                      # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:226
        Then I receive a JSON response that includes the student "Mark Moody" and its attributes     # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:231

  Scenario Outline: Authenticated Educator makes API call to get Student that he/she is not teaching # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:215
    Given I am a valid <Realm> end user <Username> with password <Password>                          # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
    And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                            # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
    And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                               # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
    When I make an API call to get the student <Student>                                             # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:226
    Then I should get a message that I am not authorized                                             # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:132

    Examples: 

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "jdoe" | "jdoe1234" | "Austin Durran" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:223
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "jdoe" with password "jdoe1234"                               # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                            # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                               # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        When I make an API call to get the student "Austin Durran"                                       # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:226
        Then I should get a message that I am not authorized                                             # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:132

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "jdoe" | "jdoe1234" | "Millie Lovel" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:224
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "jdoe" with password "jdoe1234"                               # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                            # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                               # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        When I make an API call to get the student "Millie Lovel"                                        # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:226
        Then I should get a message that I am not authorized                                             # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:132

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "ejane" | "ejane1234" | "Forrest Hopper" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:230
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "ejane" with password "ejane1234"                             # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                            # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                               # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        When I make an API call to get the student "Forrest Hopper"                                      # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:226
        Then I should get a message that I am not authorized                                             # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:132

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "john_doe" | "john_doe1234" | "Emil Oneil" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:231
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "john_doe" with password "john_doe1234"                       # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                            # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                               # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        When I make an API call to get the student "Emil Oneil"                                          # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:226
        Then I should get a message that I am not authorized                                             # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:132

      Scenario: | "idp1" | "tbear" | "tbear1234" | "Doris Hanes" | # test/features/security/contextual_permissions.feature:232
        Given I am a valid "idp1" end user "tbear" with password "tbear1234"                             # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:101
        And I am authenticated to SEA/LEA IDP                                                            # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:107
        And I have a Role attribute that equals "Educator"                                               # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:112
        When I make an API call to get the student "Doris Hanes"                                         # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:226
        Then I should get a message that I am not authorized                                             # test/features/security/step_definitions/contextual_permissions_steps.rb:132

Feature: SLI Default Roles and Permissions
  
  As a SLI Super Administrator, I would like to have the possibility to map the SLI roles with those of the corresponding IDPs,
  so that only the users with existing and matching default SLI roles can access the system
  
  As an SLI Admin, I want to be able to enforce rights on the entity attribute level,
  so that  SEA/LEA end user can do CRUD on the entities stored in the data store, based on the SLI Default Role

  Scenario Outline: SEA/LEA user with a valid Default SLI Role making API call # test/features/security/roles.feature:10
    Given I am valid SEA/LEA end user <Username> with password <Password>      # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:4
    And I have a Role attribute returned from the "SEA/LEA IDP"                # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:9
    And the role attribute equals <AnyDefaultSLIRole>                          # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:13
    And I am authenticated on "SEA/LEA IDP"                                    # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:17
    When I make a REST API call                                                # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:22
    Then I get the JSON response displayed                                     # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:28

    Examples: 

      Scenario: | "educator" | "educator1234" | "Educator" | # test/features/security/roles.feature:20
        Given I am valid SEA/LEA end user "educator" with password "educator1234"  # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:4
        And I have a Role attribute returned from the "SEA/LEA IDP"                # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:9
        And the role attribute equals "Educator"                                   # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:13
        And I am authenticated on "SEA/LEA IDP"                                    # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:17
        When I make a REST API call                                                # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:22
        Then I get the JSON response displayed                                     # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:28

      Scenario: | "administrator" | "administrator1234" | "IT Administrator" | # test/features/security/roles.feature:22
        Given I am valid SEA/LEA end user "administrator" with password "administrator1234"# test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:4
        And I have a Role attribute returned from the "SEA/LEA IDP"                # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:9
        And the role attribute equals "IT Administrator"                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:13
        And I am authenticated on "SEA/LEA IDP"                                    # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:17
        When I make a REST API call                                                # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:22
        Then I get the JSON response displayed                                     # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:28

      Scenario: | "leader" | "leader1234" | "Leader" | # test/features/security/roles.feature:23
        Given I am valid SEA/LEA end user "leader" with password "leader1234"      # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:4
        And I have a Role attribute returned from the "SEA/LEA IDP"                # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:9
        And the role attribute equals "Leader"                                     # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:13
        And I am authenticated on "SEA/LEA IDP"                                    # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:17
        When I make a REST API call                                                # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:22
        Then I get the JSON response displayed                                     # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:28

  Scenario: SEA/LEA user with an invalid Default SLI Role making API call                                            # test/features/security/roles.feature:25
    Given I am valid SEA/LEA end user "baduser" with password "baduser1234"                                          # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:4
    And I have a Role attribute returned from the "SEA/LEA IDP"                                                      # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:9
    And the role attribute equals "teacher"                                                                          # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:13
    And I am authenticated on "SEA/LEA IDP"                                                                          # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:17
    When I make a REST API call                                                                                      # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:22
    Then I get response that I am not authorized to do that operation because I do not have a valid SLI Default Role # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:34

  Scenario: SEA/LEA user without Role attribute making API call                                                      # test/features/security/roles.feature:34
    Given I am valid SEA/LEA end user "nouser" with password "nouser1234"                                            # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:4
    And I do not have a Role attribute returned from the "SEA/LEA IDP"                                               # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:38
    And I am authenticated on "SEA/LEA IDP"                                                                          # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:17
    When I make a REST API call                                                                                      # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:22
    Then I get response that I am not authorized to do that operation because I do not have a valid SLI Default Role # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:34

  Scenario: Authorized SLI Default Role trying to edit Student attribute                # test/features/security/roles.feature:42
    Given I am valid SEA/LEA end user "administrator" with password "administrator1234" # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:4
    And I am authenticated on "SEA/LEA IDP"                                             # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:17
    And the role attribute equals "IT Administrator"                                    # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:13
    And "IT Administrator" is allowed to change Student address                         # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:42
    When I make an API call to change the Student address to "1234 Somewhere"           # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:46
    Then the Student address is changed                                                 # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:65

  Scenario Outline: Unauthorized SLI Default Role trying to edit Student attribute # test/features/security/roles.feature:52
    Given I am valid SEA/LEA end user <Username> with password <Password>          # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:4
    And I am authenticated on "SEA/LEA IDP"                                        # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:17
    And the role attribute equals <Role>                                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:13
    And <Role> is not allowed to change Student address                            # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:77
    When I make an API call to change the Student address to "9876 Nowhere"        # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:46
    Then a message is displayed that the <Role> role does not allow this action    # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:81

    Examples: 

      Scenario: | "educator" | "educator1234" | "Educator" | # test/features/security/roles.feature:62
        Given I am valid SEA/LEA end user "educator" with password "educator1234"      # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:4
        And I am authenticated on "SEA/LEA IDP"                                        # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:17
        And the role attribute equals "Educator"                                       # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:13
        And "Educator" is not allowed to change Student address                        # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:77
        When I make an API call to change the Student address to "9876 Nowhere"        # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:46
        Then a message is displayed that the "Educator" role does not allow this action# test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:81

      Scenario: | "leader" | "leader1234" | "Leader" | # test/features/security/roles.feature:63
        Given I am valid SEA/LEA end user "leader" with password "leader1234"          # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:4
        And I am authenticated on "SEA/LEA IDP"                                        # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:17
        And the role attribute equals "Leader"                                         # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:13
        And "Leader" is not allowed to change Student address                          # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:77
        When I make an API call to change the Student address to "9876 Nowhere"        # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:46
        Then a message is displayed that the "Leader" role does not allow this action  # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:81

  Scenario: Unauthorized SLI Default Role trying to view Student object                # test/features/security/roles.feature:65
    Given I am valid SEA/LEA end user "aggregator" with password "aggregator1234"      # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:4
    And I am authenticated on "SEA/LEA IDP"                                            # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:17
    And the role attribute equals "Aggregate Viewer"                                   # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:13
    And "Aggregate Viewer" is not allowed to view Student data                         # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:94
    When I make an API call to view a Student's data                                   # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:98
    Then a message is displayed that the "Aggregate Viewer" role cannot view this data # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:104

  Scenario: Authorized SLI Default Role trying to view Student restricted field # test/features/security/roles.feature:74
    Given I am valid SEA/LEA end user "leader" with password "leader1234"       # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:4
    And I am authenticated on "SEA/LEA IDP"                                     # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:17
    And the role attribute equals "Leader"                                      # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:13
    And "Leader" is allowed to view restricted Student fields                   # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:108
    When I make an API call to view a Student's data                            # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:98
    Then the Student restricted fields are visible in the response              # test/features/security/step_definitions/roles_steps.rb:112

Feature: In order to retreive session details from the API

  Scenario: Authenticate with valid session ID and get the session debug context successfully # test/features/security/session_debug.feature:3
    Given I login with "demo" and "demo1234"                                                  # test/features/security/step_definitions/session_debug_steps.rb:9
    And I get an authentication session ID from the gatekeeper                                # test/features/security/step_definitions/session_debug_steps.rb:15
    When I GET the url "/system/session/debug" using that session ID                          # test/features/security/step_definitions/session_debug_steps.rb:19
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should see the session debug context in the response body                           # test/features/security/step_definitions/session_debug_steps.rb:25

  Scenario: Deny access when request session debug context without session ID # test/features/security/session_debug.feature:11
    When I GET the url "/system/session/debug" using a blank session ID       # test/features/security/step_definitions/session_debug_steps.rb:38
    Then I should receive a return code of 401                                # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Deny access when request session debug context with invalid session ID # test/features/security/session_debug.feature:16
    When I GET the url "/system/session/debug" using an invalid session ID         # test/features/security/step_definitions/session_debug_steps.rb:42
    Then I should receive a return code of 401                                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17

  Scenario: Access the session check resource with valid authentication session ID # test/features/security/session_debug.feature:21
    Given I login with "demo" and "demo1234"                                       # test/features/security/step_definitions/session_debug_steps.rb:9
    And I get an authentication session ID from the gatekeeper                     # test/features/security/step_definitions/session_debug_steps.rb:15
    When I GET the url "/system/session/check" using that session ID               # test/features/security/step_definitions/session_debug_steps.rb:19
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                     # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should see the authenticated object in the response body                 # test/features/security/step_definitions/session_debug_steps.rb:46

  Scenario: Access the session check resource without authentication session ID # test/features/security/session_debug.feature:29
    When I GET the url "/system/session/check" using a blank session ID         # test/features/security/step_definitions/session_debug_steps.rb:38
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                  # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should see the non-authenticated object in the response body          # test/features/security/step_definitions/session_debug_steps.rb:54

  Scenario: Access the session check resource with invalid authentication session ID # test/features/security/session_debug.feature:35
    When I GET the url "/system/session/check" using an invalid session ID           # test/features/security/step_definitions/session_debug_steps.rb:42
    Then I should receive a return code of 200                                       # test/features/utils/common_stepdefs.rb:17
    And I should see the non-authenticated object in the response body               # test/features/security/step_definitions/session_debug_steps.rb:54

63 scenarios (63 passed)
340 steps (340 passed)
0m8.642s
session tests Passed
school tests Passed
student tests Passed
teacher tests Passed
section tests Passed
assessment tests Passed
home_uri tests Passed
educationOrganization_association tests Passed
student_section_association tests Passed
student_assessment_association tests Passed
student_school_association tests Passed
teacher_school_association tests Passed
teacher_section_association tests Passed
validation tests Passed
lists tests Passed
targets tests Passed
aggregates tests Failed
aggregations tests Passed
security tests Passed
